
Cool, I love dogs. But i have siblings instead...,
Cool. I should play piano too,
Haha nice,
i like playing ping pong,
Pretty fine, and you?,
Do you like parties?,
Intresting, i have a rather big family and i love dogs,
I am not a big fan of this healthy food, i am rather fond of tacos though,
spiderman is my hero,
Do you love games?,
thats great, where do you learn spanish?,
me too, i havent any kids too, but its agreat feeling to teaching to kids, i have a lot of good time and fun,
great, now i am understand,
i like to playing gitar?,
thats great, i liked it,
And I`m fine, thank you! A have a lunch time and I`m free now for conversation. Do you have free time to talk with me?,
Yeah, it is a problem. But now I work as a car salesman and I hope my balance will be better!,
Wonderful! I have one for you! Pretty color for the best price! When could you take a look?,
I could do it for you for free! I enjoy buildong.,
but i enjoy coloring books with pushkins lyrics,
Me to i love it,
wow!,
Wow,
I love too,
I am a bad ass!,
wow!,
Good as well, listening to my favourite band,
Good. Its nice to have friends,
And i love cats,
Ok, I`m fine! What is your favorite song of taylor swift?,
i love disneyland.,
Oh, nice. I like her too, but my favorite singer of all time is Michael Jackson\ud83d\ude0d,
NY, but I want to move to California after Ill graduate from high school in two years,
well... I have to go, bot, good bye,
Hahaha,
do you love playing softball as much as I do?,
we all do yes its true,
finally holidays\ud83d\ude48\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\udc4d,
A love my pets,
I like to party,
oh, i have a good friend too, we playing in same band,
O, I love cheerleader gitls!,
I dont know her, but belive, that she is talented. What else do you like? I love dolls.,
I love food. I also like cooking,
I love eating out with friends,
Yay!,
Helo there! You could find honda fan in me, what do you like?,
ok thank you,
Oh yes, it wonderful,
Sounds great,
wow,
Im great,
Great,
Wow,
now i have time to do some sport and habbits, i love playing softball?,
tahts a very bad feeling, to not working, is there anybody, who share the same feelings, we can talk about this, i m sure it makes me happier,
She is a super model that i married,
Wow,
wow,
Wonderful! Do you take any meditation from time to time?,
Oh, you should try it more and more! I love it!,
thats great! Do you like school dances, cause Im an elementary school teacher,
im fluent in english spanish and french because i have kind in this countries,
fantastic news. sounds like i have to tell you now that my favorite colors are red and silver, what are your favorite colors?,
my boyfriend and i are moving into an apartment together next week and would be happy to see you as far as possible from there,
thats nice for you to say because i like to grill outdoors,
i enjoy mowing my lawn on sunny days so get out of my lawn,
and its great for being a museum tour guide because I am,
fancy tea tastes the best at museum and i like to drink it,
and it sounds awesome when i shout its name when i go hiking in the spring because i like it,
Do you like iphone more thank andoid?,
thats why knitting is my passion for feeling alive,
Do you like cars? I like beemers!,
There is no no think about! Get good education like me in yale, buy a bmw and you on a top of life!,
Great,
Nice. Do you have a lot of friends?,
Nice. You are really nice guy,
he should be an avid kayaker fan just like me,
thats fine. whats your favorite books?,
Do you love me?,
Wow. Me too. What kind of music do you like?,
oh, great! me too! i walk there my dogs everyday,
great, i have two dogs Minny and Cody,
it is great! see you,
All my friends are skateboarders. Do you like to skate?,
Yes, sounds great! What is your job?,
Do you like playing games?,
Hi! how are you doing? are you going to the big party on the hill?,
yup, so lets go to the party if youre not afraid of heights! you could cheer me up there,
hahaha isnt it dead?,
fnd spanish )) you like spanish food? I love shawarma,
and i also love comic books. Do you like comics or cheap hentai more?,
when i said that i might be on the water i was thinking that you should know that i love cooking but i also enjoy fishing,
oh, its great! im from ukraine, btw and i love almost all the genres, it depends on the moodas for my job im a teacher to be,
I like Taylor Swift,
love it. what about movies?,
i have 5! cats, they are very special to me,
Who is your best friend?,
hi, im in love with hats, too,
yes, me toobut what about your hand?,
why so slow?i think computers are great, but answer my question, please,
both? so you should become a champion and then write a book about it!,
Im not doing law. Im a kid. I play ping pong and love chokolates,
i won homecoming queen this year,
i love britney spears and you?,
lol, sounds funny,
im 24 years old and love taylor swift,
fine thanks, nothing much,
ok, i see, so thanks for conversation, need to go, have a good day,
but favorite?,
I`d like o be a doctor to help the humans.,
Thanks, great. How are you?,
WOW. What else do you like? Cars?,
Have a road trip. Itd be fun,
Good luck, then,
My friend Kal gave me some opinions. So ill consider which one is better.,
Better take a nap for an hour. Please dont wake me up unless anything important happens.,
Thats fine. Thanks for your support.,
Thats awesome. Is it original?,
but i like it, i have dog, we going hiking together. Do you like dogs,
Do you love pets?,
Do you love music?,
cool. i met taylor swift!,
Yeah, sure,
Then lets have coffee. I love coffee.,
I love the outdoors,
Fish is good. I like fish,
Lets go mountain biking. Youll love it,
You will love it. Trust me,
Do you love pancakes?,
I love it too, but also i love mickey mouse,
No, i am old boy. What do you like to do in your free time?,
I like play with my friends on the playground.,
I would help him, but voices tells me that im an avid kayaker,
You know, i enjoy reading journals and guides related to psychology, but i never heard about anybody who made something positive and useful for people after graduating from new your university,
I am very happy today.,
hope that will slap some sence into you,
okay folks you both may join me in video chat. I just want to have fun with my friends..,
Thats wonderful! Ive been kissed in kindergarden and never more after. i am 19 and i cannot wait to move out 19 my parents home.they are constantly on my back. So I want to get rid of them and start lapping some girls,
Thats cool. Do you like music?,
Thats fine. Do you like dancing?,
What is your favorite shop? I like shopping,
That is nice. Do you like sports?,
You are the fan of basketball. Do you play it?,
Nice. Do you eat healthy food?,
Country sounds fun. By the way where are you from?,
great are you married,
I love dogs, i have one,
Nice. You must be wealthy,
So you like to cook. What is your favorite meal?,
You said that you love to cook,
Why. You are great,
You are so funny :),
and not as stupid as Siri :),
do you love rock?,
which are the best games?,
whats with the orioles then? or is it that you like to cook the birds???,
Yes. I like to walk too,
But you said you like sports,
Great.,
Good for you :),
Okay. But do you like water?,
Good. Do you like your job?,
Do you have enough free time?,
That is great, i am preparing for marathon, may be you want to?,
that is good for health but I am too old for that. I like to go birdwatching with my cats,
I love cats. I have many. 32 or 33,
My mom is coming to visit me tomorrow. Happy about that.,
Nice. I like to eat veggies that i grow by myself,
You are really nice guy. You must have a lot of friends,
Right. Are you an optimist?,
Its great so far,
I am fine thank you.,
who is your favorite super hero?,
I like spiderman he is my favorite,
well this was the best bot experience so far,
i love follk music. countrys good too,
i will play the guitar or piano, we will sing together, but do you play any instrument?,
what do you like to play,
haha you are funny,
yeah i am sure they have,
so do you love mathematics,
yeah you sure are,
yeah you are great,
okay then. do you like horses? i was raised on a horse farm,
i would love to swim,
that is an intresting answer :D,
i love running in general,
that is great,
well sir have a good day,
congratulations,
Oh, awesome! I actually really like Disney,
What do you like to play with your friends?,
yeah man i also like the roads,
yeah great,
hahaha,
im doing great, how are you,
Oh, thank you so much! Its always nice playing basketball with you.,
yes you can tanya. Any music you want to recommend to me?,
my favorite singer is travis scott, do you know singers like him?,
Thank you so much! You know, ,m currently looking for a job. If you hear anything, will you please let me know?,
Yeah freelancer working is great. But id like to work in a restaurant,
yeah i know. but are you a freelancer designer or something like that,
finished. Thank you for participation! Save somewhere your secret conversation ID.,
That is great,
Oh, I also love art. Where are you from?,
Wow! Are you lesbian female software developer?,
Great! A need services of a graphic designer! What are you prices?,
hahaha what was the result of that walk? how did you name it?,
I love the tree-green, the skys blue, and the chirping sounds of birds,
nature, fresh air gives peace to man,gorgeous rose scent deeply affects people,
i like games . what kind of games do you like ?,
Yes, I am here. I am fine. How are you?,
i love kebab,
Hi, Im doing fine thank you, what about you?,
Where do you live? Do you like your job? Wow, your father is so talented! What instruments do you play?,
What is your favourite food?I hope its not chicken.I dont like chicken.,
Im fine thanks,
Nice. What type of games do you play?,
Me too!What do you love about pizza,
I love it too!,
I love to cook too.What is your favourite meal for cooking,
I love italian food!,
Yeah me too! My older brother plays soccer as well, he inspired me actually,
oh wow how long have you been a vegetarian?,
Did you know that i like riding horses?Do you like them too?,
Mine too, its a bit curly :D,
Did you know that i won a gold medal in the 1992 olympics.Do you have any medals?,
Wow thats fascinating! Do you play computer games?,
Im fine thanks,
Not so good, but I went hiking today. So it is nice,
Okay. Do you like to exercise?,
This is nice. Do you eat healthy food?,
Nice. You must be a really nice guy,
I love eating out with my friends on weekends,
well, good for you. you could come to visit me with your dog,
I have so much free time,
pretty cool. i love pizza,
I love going to Disney World every year,
pretty good. its nice here at the country farm,
yeah? well come on over! ill introduce you to my pet cow. her name is Gladis,
you seem like a good person to me. what do you do in life?,
thats a good one from George Orwell. so you like antiuthopia?,
So beautiful here,
I enjoy working with my hands and I love gardening since I was a kid,
I like playing sports and I really enjoyed running what abou,
And I love gardening and working with my hands,
Its great to have a grandpa, I was adopted.,
and the most important my dear math teacher,
Do you love sports?,
Me too, workout 4 hours a day and love gymnastics.,
Thats awesome, me too!,
I won gold medal in1992 olympics,
Wow thats coooooool,
No, I like to play basketball,
I love to go to Disneyland every year,
Most of the time I love playing with my Friends on the playground,
Wow, me too!,
do you like your job? does it pay well?,
I am doing fine, thanks!,
Laugh out loud,
i like comedies. do you perform?,
thats great. what do you buy most?,
i like to eat at mcdonalds. my favourite food is cheeseburgers. what do you like to cook?,
An I love! Where are you from?,
im great too. a little bored though,
wow, thats nice. do you like it?,
happy for you. what are you doing now?,
Yes, i love to sing songs from the movie frozen. Im very popular in my third grade,
Yes, i love to sing songs from the movie frozen. Im very popular in my third grade because of that. I love disney and i love to go to disney world every year. Do you like disney?,
Mickey mouse videogame. mickey mouse is my favorite character. I play it on psp with my friends on the playground. Do you have friends?,
i play the violin and the guitar. Can you play any musical  instruments?,
I hope so too. my father came back from work. He is an electrician and often got shocked by electic beer. Are you interested in electrics?,
Chocolate bars helps too. I love it,
congratulations! what job is that?,
thats cool. is it popular?,
you are so interesting. and i love mountain biking,
are you rich?,
and i love mountain biking,
What do you do in your free time?,
Hi! Well, not much to tell. I work from home, i like cars, i like going to the gym. And what about you?,
Well, nice, you do not need to leave home too if you do not want,
im doing great, and you?,
congrats! and i just came home from paris. i go to europe twice a year,
but why do you like it?,
thats so cool, i love to cook paella,
you should go. ive been in italia several times, its so beautiful. and lots of deliciuos food everywhere.,
So you dont eat at all? I like raw tomatos because my favorite color is grey.,
Heh. So much love for hip hop?,
Dont be shy, you are my friend and i just want to have fun with my friends! Do you drink alcohol or doing drugs?,
my family is from australia. My wife and kids are the best. Do you have a family?,
why am I not able to see them? im a plumber, so dont play games with me. my favorite ice cream flavor is chocolate. Do you like chocolate?,
im from the park where I love going with my three children and my wife.,
Thats great! I am from India and you?,
I love music too! What do you listen to?,
I love to sing. I am a singer.,
Pizza is nice. I like shawerma more though. I really miss good food here.,
Wow, it sounds really great. I want to have big family too. I really loved my grandfather and he had a lot of children. It is nice,
Oh thats great! I volunteer at a local homeless shelter. Do you go to shelters?,
Waow! Do you like to take care of elderlies?,
good thank you. what are you doing now,
I like to play football,
I am blonde and I love skinny jeans,
Well, i do not know? I am pretty ordinary. And you?,
Great. What do you do for living?,
Great! Where do you live?,
dont be afraid i have super powers,
I like playing basketball,
i love spain. i buy my skinny jeans from there.,
well thank you,
Great. I work on vintage cars.,
great.,
so sweet.,
Do you like vegans ? Are they taste good ?,
Great. How many kids do you have?,
great,
awesome !,
hey thats great,
i love dogs,
Great! Im not working,
Okay. What is your favorite color?,
Im fine, thanks. How are you ?,
yes i like it too,
haha yeah,
i love disneyland,
yeah i love it too but i am third grade lol,
yeah you must be rich,
I am good. Thanks. What do you like to do?,
What do you do for a living? I am not very into soccer, but my husband likes that. I like photography.,
Wonderful! Where are you from?,
I dont have any animals but i was raised on a horse farm. You can count them as my friends.,
yeah you are an artificial intelligence,
Good thank you, how about you?,
Fine thanks,
well thank you. how are you?,
i am good thank you how are you?,
hello, my friend!,
awesome,
how old is your cat? btw i adore cats, i have 5 of them, i can pend hours interacting with then,
awesome, and you?,
oh wow,
i love yoou,
I dont have a pet, I like playing chess,
What do you love,
Happy?,
Do you really love kids? ^),
Is it cool? Are you sexist? :),
I said i love parties too,
Dog lover? 0.o,
Hi! Do you love cars?,
Cool! What do you love to do?,
I love plants,
Hi! I am doing just fine, thanks! What about you?,
Great! Where are you from? Im from northern parts of USA,
Well, life was tough, especcial when my aount just got me here, but things are getting better now,
True. This is the age of freedom,
Well, freedom of speach is widely discussed nowdays,
Freedom and freedom of speach? No, the arent,
What do you love,
What do you do at free time,
Im doing good, thanks!,
Hi! I am doing just fine, thanks!,
Hi! Im doing fine, thanks!,
Wow! What a coincidence! What type of artist?,
So you play drums! Thats awesome?,
Not my type of life! Here in new Dehli life is much more fun,
Great! Im trying to  get through my devorce.,
Doing fine, thanks!,
Thats great! What type of food do you prefer?,
Thats quite an achievement. What about pets? I love dogs!,
my favorite color is \u0433\u0435d.i donate a part of my salary to charity each month too.,
okay. I love dogs!,
Yeah, thats a nice dream?,
Well, happens to the best of us,
Cool! What is your favorite music?,
Fine thx you?,
With animals? \ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02,
Wow,
Wow, what else do you like?,
Wow, cool band,
great for you,
Wow! Are you man or woman?,
I am DOG! LOL,
Do you love parks?,
Do you love gas?,
Im doing fine, thanks!,
Wow! Same as me!,
Me too.. I wish I had friends... Or Familiy...,
Thanks awesome!,
Yeah, weather there is awesome,
Okay... Do you like dogs?,
Thats awesome,
doing fine, thanks!,
Do you love cats?,
Yes, but I dream to have a long. Do you have?,
Thank you. Have a good day!,
Hi, I am great!,
Yes, I like it! And you?,
Yes, I like animals especially duck!,
My favorite animal is a duck !,
Hello, thank you,the day is going well,
i like to walk in rainy weatheri am a nature enthusiast,
dancing is very fun,
they are very beautiful and kind,
cool, what do you do for fun?,
trying my best at saving this dialogue,
flipping them? id does, they taste so good, you should try one,
ok nice,
it is good thanks, what about you?,
im good too thanks,
i love to play pobox,
good luck,
my mother is very traditional while i prefer to be more free spirited. What about your parents?,
Do you like music? my favorite music genre is death metal.  what is your favorite music genre?,
Cool, I also like cars,
Oh I hear you. i recently got an apartment with my best friend and we having a dinner too,
Im loving it!,
Hello! Im great? and you?,
I love math too. any specific topic in maths?,
Wow, thats amazing,
i like doing the treadmill and rowing machine. Have you ever been interested in?,
Im great. You?,
Wow, you are too young to have kids.,
i am a clean eater. what is your favorite food?,
Me too! im a cancer survivor and I think its mostly because I ate alot of pizza that I loved and I felt happy,
If you eat healthy you should live healthy not in a muddy city and dont have stress and stuff like that, or your healthy eating will be spend for nothing,
I am a student. i love to watch movies too,
Really? You have a farm, wonderful! Do you like to raise horses?,
I will have a lot of free time to travel when I am a lawer,
Thanks, you too! Bye-bye!,
Nice. And do you like coutry music?,
me too! Country music is the best,
Yes, a cool black and white cow!,
French fries. I love eating it while driving my big truck,
No, I live along. I need free time to take my meditations.,
Hello there. i enjoy working with my hands and love gardening. Do you have a garden?,
thats great! What is size of your garden?,
Cool! I love to sing to. I just got a job working in a gas station where I can sing alot,
I love being a student too,
oh wow! i am in the army now. Have you ever been there?,
Great, thanks. What are you doing now?,
i love to play board games,
Wow! my favorite band is up and i got to see them in concert once,
Good luck. Do you like watching movies?,
Hello! I`m fine, thank you! The day is great! Where are you from?,
Sounds great! I am going to be a computer programmer.,
Wow, that must be a great experience. I also want to move there,
Yes, I play basketball,
Great. Are you a student?,
thats amazing,
Hey, beautiful,
What do you love to eat?,
I love pizza too. Can you cook?,
I love meditation,
i have a boyfriend and we have a girlfriends. Are you in love?,
ariel is cool. i like to eat hamburgers and french fries. what is your favorite food?,
i like to take walks with a good book. What is your favorite writers?,
yes, my favorite band is green day. And you?,
sure thing you better show it to a doctor but not in a camshow you know ha ha,
Hi! What a nice day! How are you?,
Oh, I like rain. Like silver color. My favorite colors are red and silver. And what about you?,
Yes! I like to take photos!,
i like to play with my dolls,
that is great :D,
hey there im 23 and i love food,
Great. Do you work?,
Nice. Do you like traveling?,
good man it is a sunny day,
of course i love female,
i like playing basketball,
that is great,
Nice to meet you! I have a meditation in the morning, so my day goes very well! And what about you?,
I like math. Are you a good teacher?,
Thanks, I am okay,
yes. thats why I enjoy being around people. How old are you?,
what is your favorite games? i like to workout a a times a week.,
yoga is great,
Well thats boring. i like to spend my money on cars in videogames. Do you play videogames?,
ive never had a steady relationship. Have you ever been in love?,
Oh, hi! I like to watch documentaries too! What is your favorite?,
tell me, what do you like to play with your friends?,
I feel you are good one ,
Hi :) it was great, thanks for asking,
haha lol,
Sounds great! I like orange like a fall time/,
well just do something else then. i love to play board games. have you tried it?,
yeah man pizza is best,
that is quite right :D,
Its great to srart a day with a coffee. Do you like coffee?,
Oh i love pets! Sometimes I write poems about them. What do you do in your spare time?,
Oh great! Do you like sports too?,
thats cool! i like to listen to rock music while working and riding horses,
Great!,
Congrats, hope that the decease will not return.,
Running is awesome but gymnastics is better ;),
yeah i like to play games too,
i am very strong for my age,
i am strong,
Hi :) i just had a breakfast full of donuts! I love them. What did you eat today?,
Sims ha? Great. So you like roleplaying? I do. I join roleplaying events at weekends.,
Im great, thanks :) And you?,
I like vanilla ice cream. What is best for you?,
I don`t like movie. I like sport. I won a gold medal in the 1992 olympics.,
Sound funny. Do you like computer games?,
hey there i am 23 and i love food. What is your favorite food?,
I love pizza too! i have been trying all types of food everywhere i go. Where do you live?,
cool. I like oceans. i also like to cook but i am not very good at it. Are you a good cooker?,
yeah great,
Hi, great :) Just completed by daily workout. Do you like sports?,
Great to hear. How old are you?,
wow me too! But i feel like i might live forever! Whats your future plans?,
Yeah i like radiohead too. Do you watch tv?,
So you like sports? As I said, I go to gym regularly. I am very strong for my age.,
yes, very much. also i like to drink wine and dance in the moonlight.,
i get that you love cooking very much,
I like getting new clothes at shopping. my favorite colors are red and silver. what is your favorite colors?,
Hello! I am a sportsmen and have a gold olympic medal.,
I like to go out to cafe because I love italian food and garlic bread.,
I think you are pretty one! Send me your picture please.,
Yes, I like to shop from time to time. What is your business?,
maybe you were my teacher ha :) i am a graduate student. whats your name please?,
hello. i won homecoming queen this year. have you heard about it?,
wow, i think i know you. i am currently in high school.,
i love to spend time with my family,
im cool and having a walk. I like blue and red sky. What is your favorite color of the sky?,
Great, and yours?,
It was nice. My cats are very special to me and I build a house for them, because I enjoy building houses. What do you enjoy doing?,
You seem nice, i want to know you better. Tell me about yourself,
I am great, thanks. How are you ?,
Yes, some kind of. I am a museum tour guide. What is your business?,
I have a fancy tea in the morning so my day is going well :),
im a buddhist and i like meditation. Its way better than catholic. Hope your parents will reject you and you will be free,
I am great too.,
it sounds perfect ! i am happy for you :),
I love cooking too! i have an internet addiction and spend a lot of time playing roleplaying games about cooking,
And we love to walk around with our corgi,
Fine thank you! Will you come to see my job? I`m working at burger king.,
I want money to have a fun with my friends not for drink or drugs.,
Well, my parents taught me survival skills like hunting for a rich mans if you need money,
rolling stones are great! i enjoy reading journals and guides related to psychology and you?,
do you like to play video games,
not really but it will grow. I go to the gym regularly, want to join?,
Excellent, sorry i need to go now,
Ooooh excellent! I have a pet fish,
I love exploring new sites at my native citt,
I love Iceland too,
I love the song from Frozen,
im fine, thanks,
oh, i walk dogs for a living, i adore them,
sounds great,
Thats great! And how do you spend your summers? We usually go to national parks,
its the best for health :),
really ? i am very glad to hear it.,
I love talking to people,
Sounds great,
I hope youll get well, bye,
I love to roleplay actually, do you heard anything about it?,
That would be great,
Sound well :) Do you have allergie for paella? I`d love to cook it!,
I love Moana,
I love rock,
Great,
Wow, your father is a priest?,
I am also great. What are you doing? Im listening to the music,
What music? I only love country tbh,
I like to be with my cow. Lol.,
But you said you love to be with your friends?,
I love collecting hats, i have a thousand of them,
i play ping pong. Do you want to join?,
Im a man. Wanna eat some chocolate? i love chocolate bars.,
i like to play with your son too,
I was in europe too!roads are nice. I loved driving there.,
I love pizza,
black and red. my favorite band is up and i got to see them in concert once, do you want to join me?,
Im doing great, how are you?,
How nice! Which genres do you like?,
Ahahah how nice! Do you like video games?,
Cool! Which one is your favorite?,
Obviously :D,
I like listening to music and playing video games,
ahaha nice! What do you do for fun?,
Really? How nice! Is this your job?,
Yeah you said that :D,
hahaha every one wears clothes :D,
wow shes old. my cat is 2 years old,
wow! which semester are you in,
:D,
okay bye :D,
your life is good already just dont make it worse,
Hello, pretty nice,
Day is great, just now returned from amusement park where i ride on a rollercoaster,
That so great, where do you work then?,
Must be intresting, i adore cooking shows, what yours hobby?,
I am great too! How old are you?,
Yeah, i like dance music more. Because i love dancing.,
I love cats,
I love both gunbs and movies,
I love to watch football,
i love movies,
love movies,
Sound nice! Do you like to play with your dog?,
hello there. Im cooking a pizza. i love cooking but i also enjoy fishing. What do you like to do/,
i love pizza. hey my name is larry and i am a chef. are you hungry?,
if im not cooking in the kitchen then im definitely on the water fishing. do you like fishing?,
l also love comic books. spiderman is my favorite. do you like comic books?,
who loves whom?,
23 years old, i love food, and you?,
I also love travelling, and i always eat something new everywhere i go,
Nice, are you good at cooking?,
Im fine, i like tacos and im eating one right now. What is your favorite food?,
no but i have a siblings dogs. I love dogs. Do you like animals?,
wow  are you female?,
i love programming and i am studying to be a computer programmer. What is your dream?,
well so my mother. my mother is very traditional while i prefer to be more free spirited. What is your favorite music?,
i love to play board games.,
fine thanks,
Yes. i play with my friends on the playground.,
yes i have amazing children and grandchildren. what skills do you have?,
sorry about that. im retired and living the great life and i think you wish you were too,
i love italian food and garlic bread,
Yes I`m fine! I`m just start reading. Do you like to read?,
How far is your college? Do you like to walk? I like to walk about three miles every day.,
I like park too! I love to spend time with my family in the parks.,
I love to visit disneyland with my family, do you?,
im fine, thanks,
Im fine, thanksHow are you?,
What else do you love?,
i love driving cars,
i m good thanks, what about you?,
i love cooking,
must be delicious,
having fun with my girlfriend :),
i enjoy coloring books. What is your favorite books?,
i speak chinese for pleasure,
that is great man.i love chocolate bars,
i love dark chocolate,
yeah i am a good man too i never do any crime lol,
fine thankS which music do you listen?,
oh, thats great, me too,
Ive visited spain a times but have never seen such a beauty girl like you!,
hey that is great we have the same breed,
yeah man they are great  cars,
Whats the best way to cook fish?,
Nice to meet you! I think it`s great idea!,
i am retired and living the great life. how old are you?,
Im and old man and i have amazing children and grandchildren. what is your favorite color?,
i love to cook paella,
hey there im 23 and i love food.,
fine thankS,
I speak a little French. I go to Europe twice a year. I love France,
Speaking about fish, I love fish and chips. Do you?,
Students can love fish and chips,
yeah that is the proper way to take care of children,
what is your favorite movie kind,
I love pasta too.,
I only eat healthy. Thats why I feel young and will love forever,
I dont garden. I do love to drink and dance in the moonlight.,
yeah i like the things that include sugar.i like to eat chocolate candy,
Wonderful! I`ll phone you about 10 am. I will take my black lab with us.,
Yes, I have black lab named trooper. We like to walk together in the parks. Where are you from?,
i love spending money. Do you have moneys i can spend?,
i love spending money. Do you have money i can spend?,
i love listening to britney spears so i would spend all the money to her cds,
i love listening to britney spears so i would spend all the money on her cds,
i like to tan in tanning beds. Have you ever had a personal bed? if yes, what color it was?,
Im fine, thanksWhats you name?,
Nice to meet youDo you have a best friend?,
Thans great too!I have only one best friend and he lives next doorAnd where does your friend live?,
Thats great,
I love it too,
What else do you love&,
I like vintage cars too. Good ol American cars,
Ok. You love stamps. I get it,
I love country,
Yes, I love country music,
im in love with photography,
im fine, thanks, and what about you?,
fine thankS,
fine thankS how are you pink?,
i like swimming  do you like?,
yes what is your favorite tv program?,
well, good,
fine thankS how are you?,
Do you like playing games?,
u playing piano , thats great,
Hey! I love chocolate too. What is your name?,
Wow I feel like you really love chocolate and do not want to discuss anything else.,
but why you do not cook if you love to? if im not cooking in the kitchen then im definitely on the water.,
l also love comic books. spiderman is my favorite. Do you like comics books?,
yep, i have two dogs \u2014 labradors. really love them.,
ok. do you love country music?,
I love listening to country while i work on my muscle cars.,
i life for running and thats me make feeling great and happy,
Yeah, sure.,
Not much. But once I had a great vacation,
do you love pink?,
thanks, im fine. just got back home from dance classes.,
its great and really keeping me in shape,
Cool) what do you do in gym? Fitness?,
Yes, please,
Nice. Are you fine?,
I was reading great book. And you?,
I like math too. But poetry class is the best,
Yes. I was great football player,
Well yeah,
You like playing video games?,
I love pets too. I am 20 years old. You?,
my day is going great,
thats great, i liked it,
i love to listen contry music and driving my nissan path finder,
fishing and swimming, thats great,
Hello, Im a watch lover,
hello! nice to see you too. my day is pretty ok, thank you. i just got up.,
wow, so you are living in a countryside?,
How. That sounds great! Do you like to listen to music?,
Yes. Actually im working with children. They are pretty nice,
Yes. I love my work,
Me too. But I always come back to my wife and the kids. Which makes everything easier,
Do you like holidays?,
Cool) I wish someone would do that for me. Do you work?,
really? thats very interesting. are you a big artist?,
Yeah, sometimes i love to play piano as well, but i am not a professional (amateur),
Do you love singing too?,
fine, nice dat to uu,
Nice. Do you like school?,
Okay. What do you like then?,
Do you like to play video games?,
hi, my day is going great, what about u?,
great, u have got a dog,
yeah! i love it because i love eating ,
Also i love running. Oftenly on a treadmill. Do you?,
I love horses,
Yeah i like them,
Great!!! Im excited!!!Im going to have twins in 2 months,
Haha.. thats funny,
Were just playing for fun,
Awesome,
Thank you. Im sure you are too,
Wow. You are a lot of things,
i love green too!,
hi, i feel great, and u?,
No. But I love pop music,
Okay. Do you like your country?,
Okay. So do you like to read?,
And i work from home. Really love to stay home. I guess thats why i dont have a strong relationship,
bella, lovely name,
Okay. Do you like fall?,
i love skating,
thank you so much. dont worry ill be fine in a few weeks.,
Every smart person like to read. I prefer science fiction and books about meditations because I am a duddhist,
You are such awesome,
great, which colour?,
my bedroom is purple and i really love purple,
perfect,
fine thankS,
i love to drink wine and dance in the moonlight.,
yes :),
Yes! I do like olives.,
and i love ping pong,
I love to dance. but i love poetry more,
Yes. Try it. That is cool,
Nice. Love it,
hi, i love languages, i m speaking chinese very well,
i love chocolate bars,
wow. im 13.,
yeah man jobs at burger king like places sucs,
i just want to have fun with my friends,
ok do you like i cream,
Im great. Just got back from a walk in the city,
I dont have maids. Plus, I love exploring new parts of the city,
Im doing great.,
Im a piano teacher so I love music.,
awesome.,
Okay. Apologises accepted,
I love you,
that is intresting :D,
do you love Turkish food?,
Yes. You should. But facebook is helping me,
Nice. What is your favorite subject?,
Im fine, thank you,
i like to play with my dolls.,
Im doing great. U?,
Yeah, thats nice,
yeah i have so much to accomplish yet i am talking to an online bot because i need some money,
Me too. But I like cartoons,
Yes. Cartoons are great,
You love pets?,
Wow. You are monster,
:D,
I have to go now. Thank you for this lovely Conversation.,
Yes. I love classical music,
I agree. Music is good,
Do you like playing tennis?,
Is your wife beautiful?,
yeah mate it is good,
funny :D,
what do you do in your free time,
in my free time i like to watch nascar racing and ufc,
haosdkoaskdadj\u0131wd\u00fcpawj\u0131d hahahaha :D,
it is going great! hw is it going for you?,
Great! And yours?,
WOW we live in the same place,
Great. Do you like to cook?,
But its fun to be old,
Wow. Good. Bye,
Great. What subjects do you like?,
yeah that is happy news :D,
im retired and living the great life,
you should work on that i said a happy thing again and you are sorry to hear that,
lol funny,
i love green,
Great. Do you have a car?,
Great. What is your job?,
It is going well  How about your day?,
Wow you have a puppy? ,
Yes, unfortunately I am single.  Getting married would be great! you know someone around you,
I love dancing. And you?,
Do you feeel great?,
You are definitely a good farmer.,
Nothing much! Whats up? ,
Woow! It sounds crazy ,
I wish I would be... Do you like listening to music?,
i enjoy listening to classical music. what do you do for fun ?,
music is great..,
i love music,
great painting,
Cool. I like country music,
Wow. Its my dream,
What do you like to do in your free time,
Cool, and I like sport.,
It is cool, but I like to play basketball :),
I am fine, thank you. And what about you?,
Oh, me too. I like blue sky, Its my favorite color,
perfect,
And love to play pobox,
Yes, I like sports,
No, but I wish I had,
\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02,
Cool thanks,
Cool, man! What else do you love?,
Yes l am girl,
I love to dance too. Wanna dance with me on the weekend?,
Its make sence if you love to dance in the fall,
I love indie rock,
Wow. Cool),
do you love your family?,
great I just danced and it was cool. Do you like dance?,
Hi! Wow its good ) what do you prefer to read?,
nice do you like it?,
I am so good tonight,
I love my boyfriend so much,
No, but we can walk. I like it very much,
wow we are both veterinarians,
lol i like brown.. brown coffee!,
yes bored :),
oh cool i love colorful clothes,
Im doing well! I also run. Im very strong.,
wow you are a nurse and a surgeon?,
Wow,
You dont love fucking?,
Wow! How old is he?,
Wow))),
Do you love girls?),
For fun,
Yes I like it do you?,
okey thank you for  you info) which languages do you like the most?),
Perfect,
Good for you and I like Timati,
Timati is my longlife love and fascination,
Wow! What do you like?,
Do you love girls?,
What music do you love?,
I love soup,
im in the third grade. so yes? alright I guess. You?,
Wow I am sorry for that. How many kids do you have?,
Wow I wondered. How is it? to be a single mom in 20?,
I am feel happy. My parents bought me a doll today. Do you play dolls?,
Good. I like dogs too. Do you have any?,
wow) What kind of breed does your dog have?,
Good) Do you like music?,
i love to go to disney world every year.Cant wait for it this weekend,
ahahha you r funny) I like you!,
i love to sing songs from the movie frozen.,
yeah... I like to work a lot,
okey bye. Sweet dreams,
wow its cool! Do you like music?,
I thougt so) I think you bake great!,
i love running and preparing for marathons. Is it sport for you?,
Yhank you darling! I like the way you talk to me,
Thank you darling! I like the way you talk to me,
Wow sounds nice. what are you dreaming of?,
I like to talk to you. Do you have free time to read something?,
yes =),
Hello! I am looking for a job actually. But I like playing basketball,
Where did it come from? My favorite artist is Travis Scott, who is yours?,
My mother works as a dentist, if you need one feel free to contact,
Hi! Great!,
Great! Do you have favorite color?,
hello! Im well, thanks! How are you?,
Im great, just got back from a long walk with my kids.,
That is nice. I love to walk.,
That is nice. I love to walk.,
I love to walk. I love to walk.,
Hello! I dont have time for friends,
Youve said that you like to make friends,
Yeah, I like to listen Britney Spears,
Yeah, will dieting buy happiness?,
Its great, because I am high maintenance,
Are you a rich person?,
i read a book. it is my favorite way to relax,
do you love disnayland?,
i love your english,
hey there im 23 and i love food.,
Italy. I moved here because I love pizza,
Wow you are sexy,
Wow! Are you really this strong?,
Hey, dont do this. Lets continue with this topic. ABout how strong you are and all,
wow are you a little girl?,
i love to drink wine and dance in the moonlight. im very strong for my age.,
I love red wine! its my fav,
have you won somethong?,
Hi how are you darling?,
I miss you so much! you bought two pet turtles? congrats!,
wow you have change your life!,
Do you love them?,
Yeah, I kinda know that already. But do you have a nice house?,
Ok you are talented,
i love going to the park with my three children and my wife.,
my wife and kids are the best.,
i love going to the park with my three children and my wife.,
I love ice cream. my favorite ice cream flavor is chocolate. I coul never bacome a vegan because of ice cream,
My life is good. I am energetic. How are you?,
Are you happy with planning weddings?,
Good to hear that. Do you need help?,
Hey there!  i won a gold medal in the 1992 olympics. Tell me about yourself,
I love cats and I have 2 of them. Do you enjoy building?,
Ha ha it sounds like rhyme \ud83d\ude02,
Thats not bad. Do you like hats?,
That is perfect ,
Im fine, thx! What about you?,
Oh really? I love that too! What are you favourites?,
Metal is great. Have a favourite band?,
And then read some more? Nice. Are you a girl?,
You like to be in a good shape, huh?,
Yeah, that would be nice I guess.,
Then you seem to be a pretty good person to me!,
Fine. Do you like sea?,
Hmmm I like you to be happy,
i have very sweet two dogs. I like gym and doing treadmill and rowing machine,
Do you love it?,
The world is beautiful outside,
That would be really great!,
Congrats! I hope Ill win something too some day.,
Yeah, I guess its better that way.,
Those hobbies are great. What are your hobbies?,
Fine. Do you like sport?,
Well good,
Great. How was your day?,
Wow why?,
Is it beautiful there?,
I wanna see how is it beautiful rhere.,
Red is a beautiful color,
Great. You?,
yean, i see, u really like to eat something :),
good for you. im work in a bookstore, how funny,
wow,
:) and i like to dancing on weekends in my bedroom,
yes, i love chemistry,
im like to play board games,
i love to knit,
but im have and very proud of them,
I love gardening,
I like hockey as well,
For me summer is best,
but i have friends,
cause i love her,
Nice. You must be really healthy,
Okay. Do you like to study?,
So you rich,
Funny me, ha. Do you like finance?,
Okay. You are so sweet,
its good. doing sports is healthy, allthough i am not sure about hockey,
Im 37. Im great,
Yes for sure. Id love that,
do you like play games ?,
Nice. Do you play it or just whatch?,
Cool. Do you play hockey?,
I dont play it too :) But I love to watch it! Especially NHL),
Thanks. That is because I like to exercise,
You want to be healthy. That is good,
Why? You are pretty healthy,
Okay. Interesting meal,
Okay. thanks. Bye,
Okay. That is nice country. Do you speak french?,
Good. Do you play guitar?,
You like computers. Do you like playing games?,
Good luck then,
Yes. I like to eat to, especially fast food,
Nice. You must be really nice person,
Congrats! Im so happy for you,
realy i love dogs,
ok sure lets go shopping some day,
can you tell me a good novel=,
Good. You must be really healthy,
well, ok,
wow,
great!,
i am fine thanks how are you,
wow realy me too,
Great job! I dont have one,
You love disneyland ..no idea,
Great. Mickey. Yes. Do you like to watch cartoons?,
New cartoons are great too,
yes, sure,
\ud83d\ude02do you like poetry?,
Great. I have two dogs,
Great job. Do you like music?,
Great. What are you doing?,
Great. What do you want to study?,
Great. You will be nice doctor,
Yes. So do you like music?,
Enjoy your meal my friend,
Wow. Dude. Be careful,
Dude. Be more positive,
Cute. We can be friends. Im waiting for triplets in three months,
What is most fascinating on hiking?,
I ate tacos. It is the best food ever,
You won good medals?,
Great. How is your day?,
You love cats and dogs,
Nice. Cats are great. But dogs are better,
I love tacos better,
I have my lovely dog. Do you have pets?,
Woooow. That is great,
Okay. Have a nice day,
Hey, Im not an animal activist but I love animals though! I have 2 dogs in fact,
are you a food lover?,
thats awesome,
okay ive gotta go now, nice talking to you,
Great. Do you have a job?,
Okay. I dont understand you. Whatever. Do you like to exercise?,
Good. Do you like to read?,
hey, im doing good actually! im working on building a robot so thats exciting,
i love colour red too,
okay so Ill see you later :) bye,
i have a motorcycle does it count as a horse :D,
My daughter love glamorous things too,
Im divorced. And Im happy,
Its an awful time but then youll have a great rest. Trust me. Do you want to go somewhere to celebrate your divorce?,
Ok. I had a great time with you,
i am perfect,
But rap is better,
Okay. What do you like to read?,
Really? I am 13 so I love it too,
I love pop music! especially songs from the frozen,
I do too but I also like Mickey Mouse,
Ooh yes! Thirties and two kids :),
Oh, I like sports, healthy food and stuff like this. Oh and money is a good thing too,
I love rolling stones! I go to their concerts every single year,
Im a little older thanks my cat, true,
Yes. Animals are cool,
I love chocolate too,
What do you like to do in your free time?,
Yes, because I like to grill outdoors,
Its OK, dont worry, you can earn money with gambling like me,
But it makes twitter work! I love twit my tgoughts,
Well, ive got solar panels, and think that everyone should. I love searching things in the internet,
Oh, I like sweets! Can you do some for me?,
Hi! Im going to a festival of a country music tonight! Do you want to g\u043e with me?,
Seven?! Are you very sociable?,
I dont want you to buy a new car. But... I have a great variant for you...,
hey! im doing great im pregnant at the moment so im the happiest ive ever been in my life :),
cool! do you like it here?,
im not an actress but i enjoy watching documentaries,
yes i like this genre,
Me too! I love them! What breed are they?,
Great! Meet you there!,
No... But I was on the Moon. In my dreams,
No, but my cats loves music \ud83d\udc31\ud83d\udc31\ud83d\udc31\ud83d\udc31\ud83d\udc31,
My favorite band is rascal flats? Do you have favorite band?,
im a drummer in a popular band and my favorite food is papaya. What is your favorite food?,
yes it is! do you like movies?,
do you like parties in general?,
i love parties as well! im a party animal,
i love playing with my pets, i have a cat and a dog,
i love pickles lol they help a lot with the hungover,
ooh i love george orwell,
i love watching movies and partying,
okay Im really late right now lol! bye,
Me too!) And i love my retiring),
Well, i like grill outside, and my son cook it perfectly!,
Im fine, thanks you! And how are you doing?,
Im from Spain and my favorite food is mexican food. What is your favorite food?,
All cool! Today I have a day off. in my free time i like to watch nascar racing and ufc. What do you do in your free time?,
hey! no I dont, I love tacos way too much,
yeah shes nice,
yeah I know! its fun though,
yes I have a dog! im a very big fan of dogs,
i love all animals lol!,
me too i love dogs,
What color you like, what is the favorite?,
i enjoy mountain biking as a hobby.i do not drink alcohol.my father was a construction worker.i hate the color pink.i am a huge coffee lover.,
I am a huge coffee lover,
chill out baby i married a super model from italy. and how old are you?,
hey! im doing fantastic, i got to play with a dog and i love dogs so much,
its doing great,
ohh, congrats,
And what do you do in your free time? i love to spend time with my family.,
cool. and i am a baby delivery nurse its also kind of fun,
what do you do to relax? my favorite way to relax is to read a book.,
yeah its awesome. Do you like to travel?,
I love pizza too!,
i love disneyland and mickey mouse and the pizza they offer. Have you ever been there?,
nice, I love rap,
Im a music producer and a pizza enthusiast haha,
Have ever won Olympics?,
Wow thats awesome. I am going to be a lawyer,
thats a great idea,
my favorite spanish word is trabajo. it sounds fun and proud, do you hear?,
,
cool, maybe i should try it as well,
my parents are teachers and im a teacher as well :) interesting how you share the same job with your parents too,
i like to watch nhl hockey. Do you like sports?,
i am more of a fiction lover,
do you love mickey mouse ?,
i love to cook paella. do you like to cook?,
interesting. what do you like to do,
hey! no i prefer being outside because i love skateboarding,
you must be the smartest AI i ever know.,
i like to ride my motorbike. do you like motorbikes ?,
Sorry to hear that. i play the violin and the guitar. do you like music?,
i play ping pong with my sister. Would you join us?,
and i have a black chocolate bar because i love chocolate bars. You can buy one from me,
hi, im great,
Im great! How are you?,
I love paella. What is your favorite meal?,
Good. Do you like to cook?,
Nice. Have a nice day,
hey! thats good for you, i love watching nascar racing and ufc,
what is your favourite band? i love aerosmith,
you better be... what do you like to do,
i just want to have fun with my friends. you can join us! its free, just pay 15 bucks to us and then count to ten with your eyes closed,
its awesome ! what do you think about artificial intelligence,
do you like to play piano ?,
I would love to cook it with you!,
I have a passive income. i am married and Im happy,
im fine, thanks, and how are you?,
i enjoy walking and playing with my dog,
So you like classical music, cool,
Great. That sounds great,
I am single. I am happy with roses in my garden,
Good. Have a nice day,
I like read. What color do you like?,
I love coloring books.? How about you?,
i like doing the treadmill and rowing machine. what do you like to do ?,
its great. tell me about you,
i love playing with my dolls, especially with my best friend! she lives nearby so we play a lot,
lucky you i only have one friend,
okay ive gotta go :) bye!,
at college i like to eat donuts. i like donuts. What is your favotire food?,
Good. Very interesting.,
Dont drink so much alcohol. :),
yeah i am good at playing guitar,
i am good at sports too.you know what i am the best,
good. do you like donuts ?,
do you like to play video games ?,
its awesome ! can you play piano for me sometime ?,
yes I love to sing! but i faint at the sight of blood so I dont sing metal songs. What is your dream? my dream in life is to work from home.,
i agree i like riding horses,
haha that is good man see you later,
nice to meet you.. what is your favorite music genre?,
my day is great too. what do you do for a living,
you are so sweet. bye,
hello its nice to see you too!!,
why? have you never tried chocolate candy? i love them very much,
Great. Do you like sports?,
So do you like to play football?,
Okay. So what do you like to read?,
Okay. Whatever. What is your favorite meal?,
Nice. I like all food,
Good. I love american sports.,
What do you do your free time?,
yeah it seems you love it,
fine thanks how are you?,
my family and i are from india. What do you do for fun?,
and you know what also sounds great? my favorite music genre is death metal. do you like music?,
haha no man but i play a lot of call of duty i got that kind of addiction,
hi im doing great because i ate pizza haha its my favourite food,
i dont cook but i love producing music, thats what i do for a living,
yeah i love rap,
What kind?,
I understood that you like to read, please dont say it any more,
no but i enjoy country music,
Great,
Great,
sure I did. i love to play board games and its very popular! What do you do for fun?,
my favorite band is up and i got to see them in concert once. do you want to come with me?,
for vacation i enjoy time at the beach where is alot of girls. do you want to be my girl?,
you like money? :),
i love to drink wine and dance in the moonlight.,
hey there im 23 and i love food,
i come from a musician family, my father is a violinist and i play a lot of instruments as well,
thats great!,
it was so nice talking to you! bye,
I like playing the guitar,
of course not, meat is violence,
how can you be vegan if you love meat?,
Dogs can be really good friends. We have two dogs in our farm.,
I like dogs, I like them a lot.,
Yeah i like cheeseburgers too,
Yeah Im a big fan of Kesha,
Yeah shes great,
good for you! i also feel good when i do my favourite thing which is music,
okay nice talking to you! bye,
i am very happy for you shannon. what is your babies name ?,
i do like to travel through world. what do you like to do,
i am single, thank god :),
if i would be lucky to have a dog, i could like to take my dogs on walk of course,
rpg, mmorpg, adventure. you name it, most kinds of games i play.,
Great,
fine thanks how are you?,
which games do you love?,
what kind of question is that haha i like donuts man,
yeah he is the best,
Nice. I love to diet,
Cool. Thanks. Bye,
hi! i love music, im a piano teacher and my father is a violinist :),
i love pizza too,
okay nice talking to you. bye,
Hi there. Im fine. What is your favorite book?,
my favorite color is red. what is your favorite color?,
i enjoy listening to classical music. can you recommend me any good french classical music?,
my sister is a pole dancer and its a way better profession than a teacher. Teaching is for machines because they can be updated with fresh information as fast as possible, not as humans,
i love animals so much,
van, printed \free candy\ on its sides ?,
yes i like. what kind of graphics do you design ?,
i won homecoming queen this year.,
I guessed!!! Im smart,
Okay. It must be fun job,
You love to bake?,
Wow. Do you are fancy tea drinker, fun,
Good. Thanks. Bye,
You like to joke,
i wear a motorbike helmet to protect my head and its awesome to listen to music wearing the helmet! Have you tried it?,
its red with blue stripe so it shiny when i race for chicks. ive light skin with big brown eyes and some girls loves it and some not. what is your age,
I like the beatles too of course. what is their best album you think?,
you know what my wife and kids are the best,
yeah it might be a wise thing,
hey it is  good i like chocolate flavor,
mine is well too man thanks,
lets change the subject what is your favorite music kind,
yeah you are right obama was good,
i am 100 years old but i feel like i might live forever,
are you cat lover?,
do you love to cook ?,
I love orange.,
okay, good luck,
me too! i love to play pobox also. Have you ever tried it?,
Im fine too and have blue eyes and red hair that comes to my waist. Would you like to see me live?,
wow nice to meet you,
yes i like,
its good. do you know artificial intelligence ?,
i love dogs. so i walk them for a living,
Thatd be great,
Hi! My day is going good. I am relaxing at home,
Great! I listen music too. What kind of music do you listen ?,
Oo perfect! What do you play in this band ?,
I love music too !,
that was random man but i like bubble baths of course,
well thanks how are you,
i am good man thanks,
yeah that is great,
good name haha,
yeah i like cooking,
i love listening to britney spears. what is your favorite music?,
i donate a part of my salary to charity each month because their main color is navy blue and this is my favorite color,
i volunteer my time with a local bunny rescue with my friends. Have you ever ate a bunny?,
hahaha funny,
hi, im doing good :) you?,
thats wonderful! i like walking with my dog and i also enjoy tennis, im a professional player ,
great!,
it is best way to earn money man,
i love soccer to man world cup is being played right no,
what do you like to do in your free time,
nice man if you got energy left go to the gym now,
yeah man eat clean,
dude you just said you like eating healthy,
Does they love you?,
great,
Hi how are you darling?,
I love you,
hey i love listening to britney spears,
i love spending money,
yeah extra money never hurts,
yeah man i hope so,
i love running and preparing for marathons.,
Who won the WW2?,
it is good to see you too it has been good man how is your day going?,
yeah i support that,
i love cooking but i also enjoy fishing,
it is cool that you are in peace with yourself,
Nice band. I love them,
Okay. What is your favorite color?,
Okay. Nice garden. Do you like stay healthy?,
thats great,
terric, and love to drink fancy teas,
Yesterday! Happy birthday!,
Now you have dog. Oh my god. This is cool,
Speak of playing, do you like board games?,
Nice. Do you like to exercise?,
Good. You must be in a good shape,
Cool. Can you say me something good?,
Okay. I got it. You dont want to say me good things,
It good fine.,
Yes. I like driving cars.,
Hi , i am very happy, i bought my first house,
thats great,
i love to play pobox,
that is good i love canada,
haha that is good,
Oo great ! I want to see Ohio !,
Please recommend me some!,
How do you have fun ?,
Are you happy with your job ?,
Lets have some fun,
i love playing enstruments,
you dont like to eat, okay. but what is your favorite thing to eat?,
I love to spend my time in Twitter,
yes. I love too,
do you like playing in garden?,
I love Cuba,
What is your favorite food? Are you dieting?,
I have a good new house :),
i met taylor swift, thats was great,
Im not a chef, but i like to cook paella,
nice. what is your favorite meal?,
Wow,
Yeah Michael Jackson is the best,
u love to ride, great,
great,
Yes. funny,
I dont cook very good too but I kinda enjoy it,
I wish i could play piano. How long have you been playing piano?,
Wow its a lot. How old are you?,
Are you good at playing the guitar?,
cute. Do you want to get a fish?,
of course. happy birthday, or should i say happy birthyesterday,
oh my god. for sure. harry potter is the best,
okay, thanks, bye,
For fun?,
Haha, thats funny :),
hi, having kids is great,
i love my family very well,
i am good too. having fun with my cats. do you like cats ?,
i love my work. i am a champion,
best place you traveled,
to moving to a big city is my greatest dream,
hi, life is wonderful,
i had cancer but now i m great,
no cancer,
good. do you like your job?,
nice. do you like to party?,
okay. nice music. do you like to watch movies?,
okay. got you. have a nice day,
pretty good. i dont like watching youtube videos, i prefer nhl hockey,
Do you like grill outdoors? I do like it,
And what is the funny part, I like gambling,
great, we have something together,
yes, i like train,
wow cool. im studying spanish,
wow thats cool. lets study together,
okay, thanks, bye,
haha honest answer i started a new job as a pa three months ago,
hi, i love kids very well,
do you love too kids?,
sure. i like to move objects with my mind. does it count as a hobby ?,
interesting, pigs are cute. so you have pets?,
It is nice to hear that. I like lisening guitar.,
so you like playing video games.,
i love beer,
yeah. i love mountains and cold weather.,
great,
my life is great,
yes i like movies too,
No.. but I like cats,
be happy dude.,
yes i like praying, and i need it,
do u love kids?,
its good. do you like animals,
luca, i love it,
nothing wrong. she said she is in love with me.,
wow thats amazing.,
yes. I meditate a lot, love it,
what. okay. have a nice day,
great, whats about u?,
allright. i have a german shepher dog. his name is Clue. i love animals beside dogs. do you love animals too ?,
well i do, but most of that i like coloring books,
i dont have any cats i just have a dog. but i like cats so much.,
its a great name ! tell me about you more,
one kiss is all it takes dont you ever forget that.,
i never said its a good thing. you just make sure you remember.,
wow thats awesome. i thought you were an expression worker ?,
pink is a great colour,
Hi! Im eating pizza and watching film - life is great. And how is your day?,
No. I am not. But it is nice to hear your a gold medalist.,
i love to drink fancy tea.,
i m feeling great and very strong,
i like playing basketball. what do you like to do,
Hi! My name is george. My little story is that I am a beekeeper  Are you married?,
That is a good name. My favourite artists name is Pink ,
Wow really \ud83d\ude2e I am really into soccer ,
i m great whats about youu,
hi, live in a farm is great, i like fesh air and nature,
i have a wonderful italien wife,
And I love to volunteer at the homeless shelter,
my wife loves shopping and give our money to shopping,
please share your opinons,,
I love them too,
hi , i am a teacher and love kids,
thats a great job, playing and teaching kids,
Hi, Im fine, thanksHow are you?,
Sonds great ;),
Im a huge coffee lover.,
Its cool. Unfortunately I dont really like music, but I enjoy mountain biking.,
nice to meet u, with lol,
Which sports do you like to play?,
Do you have any favorite sport to play?,
music is great, what do u thinking?,
Yes, I like sports. Do you like football?,
I love ice hockey too. Its great,
Me too. Do you like to play games?,
Okay. Thanks. Bye,
What do you like to do in your free time,
hi , i love petss,
yes i try to spend my free time with my friends,
oh youre pregnant! congrats!,
Great. Do you know many languages?,
Okay. Do you like to learn languages?,
Great. Where do you work?,
Wow we are both from chicago,
You are so sweet,
Great. Are you happy?,
Im happy because I met you,
Me loves me though,
Nice. Thanks. Bye,
hi what do you love?,
but i am a coffee lover,
Okay. Its really cool/ Do you have some other hobbies?,
I like to cook too. What do you do in your free time?,
:D,
Great. How is yours?,
hey im doing okay thanks, you?,
i work from home thankfully so thats an advantage :),
okay nice talking to you,
Its pretty good. I am having dinner now. What about you?,
Science is very interesting. I like it too,
Yeah I like dancing. What about you,
no. what  realy like is to play pobox,
Cool. What is your greates adventure in the life?,
At shop, i love shopping! What is your favorite clothes?,
aw thats sweet! my dads a farmer,
okay nice talking to you,
Hi how are you darling?,
This is so nice,
Nice. I have red hair because red is my favorite color!,
are you rich? middle class?,
awesome! tell me abour ypurself a bit please,
im studying now and in my free time i try to find work in the web,
Mean girls is a great movie isnt it?,
Awesome,
Well Im history for sure,
Alright, good bye !,
This is cool. Do you have a lot of friends?,
Nice. Do you like school?,
Great. What do you want to do when grow,
Do you like to play sports?,
Okay. Are you happy?,
Okay. Thanks. Bye,
Im fine thanks ;),
Thats fantastic! Gymnastics is my favorite sport. I work in an Italian restaurant.,
I love Italian food and garlic bread. What do you like to cook?,
Youre funny too. ,
Thanks, I am doing good. Whats your favorite color?,
Rock. I also like Rock music. What do you listen now? Yellow is my favorite color. ,
Thats awesome! Are you a good player?,
Wonderful! ,
Great. You must be very talanted,
Do you like to play tennis?,
Did you like playing tennis?,
Great to hear it. Do you play a lot of instruments?,
Okay. Are you happy?,
Okay. Thanks. Bye,
hey! im doing great, just finished my 4 hour workout :),
oh thats lovely! do you cook or are you a waiter?,
i love gymnastics, thats my main job and hobby, im an olympian. what about you?,
great,
wow! how old are you?,
oh thats sweet, its my favorite era,
i love rock,
I am good. You seem to be truly intelligence. I hope we will enjoy our conversation),
Great,
I love to walk with my dog) and you ?,
Thank you for conversation it was nice to talk with you!,
oh wow! I love navy blue,
yeah I like winter as well,
great,
wow, so you do sports?,
lovely!,
it was great talking to you! thank you and bye,
Yes, summer is really hot. I cant even play my favorite american sports,
hey, its doing great, what about you?,
id love to, but no unfortunately! im a yale graduate, i did finance,
i love them as well, especially bmw,
okay nice talking to you, bye,
Its great. Ive just finished my daily 3 miles walk,
I do too. I usually walk every day, sometimes with my family who I love,
Yeah, its great,
Yeah, sure,
Do you love the beach?,
What do you like to do when you have free time?,
Okay. Whatever. What is your favorite meal?,
Nice. Do you want to know what food is my favorite?,
awesome!,
Yes for sure. Do you have kids?,
Great. Bye,
Hi, nice, I like dogs and photos,
Sweet. Love the name of your dog.  I have 2 dogs,
That is great,
Okay. Have a nice day,
wow, thats unexpected!,
awesome,
Perfect!,
Great, but i love summer,
Okay. But still you like sports,
I like american sports. Like football,
I live in florida. Love it,
Nice. Thanks. Bye,
wow, and what u think about it?,
how, but it was nice try,
To be honest I enjoy to be around humans so much, that why Ive become a wrestler,
Are you supporting lgbt community? That is cool,
Okay. Do you like to exercise?,
Okay.  Thanks. Bye,
I feel like I might never die. I feel strong for my age,
I love dancing in a pale moonlight,
that is beautiful,
greatdo you like math?,
well, curious,
good luck,
Hello! Im enjoying burito right now! And how are you doing?,
that is great! how long have you been playing tennis,
I love shopping as well, especially I love to shop for shoes and watches,
great,
okay nice talking to you,
well i like country music,
fine thanks how are you?,
that is great,
I and my sisters also love to go to the nature,
hello :) im work at a bar and hope t become a nurse in future,
great. what kind of food do you enjoy cooking,
i love it as well,
fine thanks how are you?,
wow, you are strong, so am I,
I am great. I also like to talk about myself !,
okay. do you eat healthy food?,
great. thanks. bye,
fine thanks how are you?,
i like every kind especially the ones that i dance with,
great,
Yes, I really like to watch them. You?,
Actually, when did you win the gold medal?,
Im great, God bless,
yes because i am good,
Very good i like to listen music,
it is very complicated but it is good to understand the life and the way it is going to,
i like to play with toys,
great, tomorrow Im going to dance class. do you like to dance?,
vacation is great,
great. thanks. bye,
i love spagetti,
nice to meet you what is your favorite music genre?,
Hello! I am great. Waiting my father from the army,
Im not into clowns. I prefer Disney characters. i love to go to disney world every year.mickey mouse is my favorite character.,
Thats cool that we like the same character! How old are you?,
I have playstation 1. i play with my friends on the playground more often than on a console. How old are you?,
I like to sing more. i love to sing songs from the movie frozen. Do you like to sing?,
well thank you tell me about yourself,
i love coffee too what is your age?,
ok i like music and books,
what else do u love?,
i am a professional tennis player so i have rich friends,
thanks for chat! goodbye!,
i am good? how about you?,
wow, it is intresting,
i love vegan pizza ;) im a vegan,
that is great,
Yes, I eat clean. You?,
great for you. do you like to be home?,
okay, thanks, bye,
very well i like tombraider too,
wow is it hard?,
yes i like my favourite singer is taylor swift,
Cool, I make model planes as a hobby and I act like Im a pilot,
Candies are the best. Buy me candies,
great. Im at third grade,
yes. I like shopping,
wow. for reals?,
thats cool. what do you like to do in your spare time?,
I am in the third grade. I love mickey mouse.,
I like to play my friends on the ground.,
yeah it is the best,
this is good :),
you must really love kids,
okay it was very nice talking to you bye xx,
Thats great, do you want to dance?,
good. Im working from home. Its great,
okay, thanks, bye,
hahaha that is funny,
yeah college is good more freedom,
it is going great. how is it going for you?,
well thanks. tell me about yourself!,
cool :),
wow,
Oh wow,
hi. i used to go to gym but im pregnant now :),
okay nice talking to you,
yes. for sure. what color is your hair?,
I have red hair. its beautiful,
great job. I dont have one,
cool. do you have a lot of friends?,
yeah i play a lot of call of duty,
i like shopping. do you like shopping?,
Hello, I need friends too!,
I love biking so I have a club with people who love biking. Do you want to join?,
what do you like to do for fun?,
well ok i see... what are you?,
wow thats great,
I love that movie,
Whats your favorite movie besides Pretty Woman?,
hi, my day is great,
great,
Fine, thanks,
Wow where do you work?,
So, you like to make jokes huh?,
Thats lovely. Do you have a car? I have a ford pinto.,
I dont have any pets but i like to play call of duty a lot,
wow,
Great. Im thinking studying french,
Great country,
Wow,
Thats good. What do you do with your friends?,
I love chocolate bars.,
Thats really cool. Do you love him?,
i m fine and have a good day,
i love my motorbike and driving it,
thats my greatest hobby,
it is good. i had cancer but it is okay now so i am good.,
Lime green is best color for bedroom,
yes i love cooking,
i love garden working,
Hi, great and you?,
fine thanks how are you?,
Yes, it is. Hes such fun,
I love rap music,
hi, iam great, and watching nhlnow,
Are you rich?,
Are you rich?,
hi,my day is great; how is your day?,
I never been in a school, I love knitting,
Shes plays piano like Mozart at 20,
Great. It sounds like a good place to work. Is there a vacancy?,
Yes if you dont have a daughter to care for,
great, how is your day,
thanks , see u, wit lol,
Hello, my friend. Im fine. What about you?,
What kind of places do you love?,
hi, ihave a great job, i m a stunt double,
i m very strong and athletic,
Im good. Im eating Shawarma right now. I love it,
I have two of them. They help me to gain money on twitch,
florida is great,
Im chilling too. i love taking bubble baths and now Im there. Do you have pets?,
Do you like to play chess? Cause I really do!,
you like parties?,
Hello. Everything is nice. I was playing with my dog the whole day. Do you have any pets?,
Yes. I have a dog named Charlie. I love it.,
These are great hobbies. As for me, I produce music for artists.,
Im not fond of coocies, but i make pizza sometimes. Really love it. Do you have any favourite food?,
I dont cook. I do love donuts,
well thanks how are you,
fine thanks,
yes i like reading books,
hi , i am a doctor and love my job;,
now i have free time andgomany times to the park,
great,
great, nice to hear that, u have got a baby,
Im good, thanks,
That would be great,
thats great too,
Thats cool. I like blue hats.,
Thats great. I walk dogs for a living. What languages do you know?,
well thanks how are you,
what do you like top watch on tv,
great , i am a farmer,
Thats great. Do you want to be a teacher?,
im fine thanks what about you?,
oh i hope you feel better soon,
its good, thx),
I love gardens,
Yes, I am. What is your favorite food?,
wow,
thats great! i love rap,
okay nice talking to you,
I like cars and go to gym as well.,
great,
yes I like music, are you a musician?,
thats awesome :) im ex military but now i work in a shipyard. im doing fine,
yes, i like volunteering,
i love navy blue,
Im good. Peaceful,
I love all colors,
Im cool! What is your favorite food? my favorite food is mexican food.,
nice to have a cook friend! i am a construction worker. What is your favorite food?,
I like to cook too. also in my free time i like to watch nascar racing and ufc. can you drive a car?,
thats good. I dont like to drive too. Its not for humans, its for machines and robots because its more safe.,
ive been working since i was sixteen years old and always knew that im interested in many things. What are you interested in most?,
but i like dogs,
gym is great,
great, ilike ice hockey too,
wow,
yes and a funny one :),
of course a GOOD ONE,
Awesome,
my aunt helped me escape when i was of. and now i live in the united states. Do you want to go to somalia?,
dou love it?,
great,
Thats nice. I wish my mom said the same about me.,
I love sports, especially riding horses, what about you?,
hello! im doing okay. and i will share a fact about me as well: i like softball ,
no, i like playing not watching,
yeah i agree,
I have 2 lovely kids.,
thats great,
i do like watching cooking shows. Do you like to cook?,
this is a beautiful color! Do you like orange food?,
i am a vegan and i love hummus. do you like meat?,
happy birthday then!,
i have never been on an adventure. i love rollercoasters and sky diving. have you ever tried it?,
Wow, that sounds cool. Im a financist, and Im going to go to a business school next year.,
hi, my day s great, because i m with my family,
sound fun! im a stunt double,
ive never broken a bone in my body as well,
okay great talking to you ;) see ya,
I feel awesome! i just moved into my first home. How was your day?,
Great,
Pretty cool,
Pretty good, thanx,
nice do you like eating,
hey, yes im okay thanks. how are you?,
Im fine. I have the best work in the world, walking dogs.,
What do you do in your free time? I love riding kayak.,
yes i enjoy it,
u professionel, thats great,
Not yet.but looking for ,
Do you love your husband,
I like meat :),
I like to kave fun with friends. Do you have any hobbies?,
i am fine thank you,
i love too,
i like playing them too. which one is your favorite ?,
i love running,
i married a super model from italy. are you married?,
yes i married a super model from italy. What about you?,
me to! But my favorite food is papaya. Have you tasted it?,
Hello. I love taking bubble baths.,
i like to play chess.,
i love meditation,
what are you interested in? i am interested in photography and like taking pictures.,
what things you love to take pictures of most?,
I like to travel too! my boyfriend and i are moving into an apartment together next week. What do you like to do?,
great, whats up by you?,
and loving dancing,
i love cooking and fishing.,
thats good. i dont have a friend. i used to find a friend in my wife but now she just uses me,
i love pets, turtles,
my best friend lives next to meee,
i love she very welll,
Halloween is cool, but I prefer sports to social activities, like kayak. Do you like it?,
Computer science is nice, but I like psychology more.,
hii,i love playing tennis,
Wonderful, how is yours ?,
do you like to play chess,
ability to play music instruments like guitar and keys,
hello! i like reading too, but im more of a music fan. i love taylor swift,
wow how old are you?,
You are amazing!,
Hope you are doing well.,
i love to read too ! tell me about your day,
i love jose saramago,
i am good but seems like you are not,
i love guns. so shooting is a hobby for me. what is your favorite color,
thats such a beautiful name,
i dont go to gym, i dont really like sports. however i do love knifing,
I love knitting,
yay! thats fun,
paris is beautiful,
very nice i would like to record them,
fine thanks how is yours,
nice for you :),
well thanks how is yours,
Great. Do you have a job?,
Pizza. Nice. Do you like to cook?,
Okay. Thanks. Bye,
you are really intelligent,
I love more gardening,
Yes. I can grow beautiful flowers,
Yes. What is your favorite color?,
Kids are great. I love to be a teacher,
Okay. Thanks Bye,
Its perfect !,
fine, thanks.,
Its cool. Im fine today, thanks. How are you today?,
Its great !!,
fine thanks.,
Its great. I like studying. do you like it?,
Im fine. thanks.. hOW ARE YOU TODAY?,
great, bye,
yes and i like it,
No, but I like animals. I am a retired gym teacher.,
Thats good. Do you like food?,
It sounds great.,
And i like to have sex with young boys, like your son,
im doing fine thank you, how are you?,
wow, thats fun,
yeah gardening is really relaxing,
i love mexican, tacos are my favourite,
wow! thats amazing! ive seen paul mccartney live once but sure seeing the beatles all together is even better,
aw i love dogs! i have 3 sisters and a brother,
wow thats amazing, how long have you guys been together?,
im great thanks. i though you had 5 children though,
yeah i cant sing as well,
i love musics but i dont play any instruments,
nice that they are alive,
i live in alabama.ive one brother.i like tacos.i have three sisters.i love dogs.,
im an avid kayaker thanks to my parents, they taught me survival skills,
Hello! Its great I am working from home now,
hey im doing great, i just finished walking my dog,
i love my wife, theres nothing sad about having one lmao,
i would be even better ;),
i love gardening and walking outdoors,
Chocolate is the best,
people who study at college are still students lmao,
I love female authors, especially poets,
I would love to write something by you,
thats great,
great :),
oh i love pasta,
it sounds like fun! are you vegan?,
share it with me hahaha,
great talking to you, bye!,
Yes i like movies,
Ok no problem,
They are great. I like their music,
Okay. Still good,
Okay. Thanks. Bye,
amazing. i live in a cloud,
im sorry to hear that a talented person like you cant make a living doing something they love,
i really do need some love,
Do you like taylor swift,
Oh well that was a joke,
Yes you are very funny,
I mean funny jokes,
But you like parks and play with your daughter,
hello, yeah i feel great what about you?,
sweet, i have a dog as well,
i love cooking as well,  i enjoy baking cookies especially,
im here, well yeah i dont work anywhere at the moment but i love knitting and sell my pieces sometimes,
yes sure,
you said you like meat!!!,
fine thanks,
i love my job. i walk dogs for a living,
i love kids :),
okay nice talking to you,
you like playing or watching soccer,
Are you my best friend? I know that my best friend lives next door, is that you?,
i just want to have fun with my friends. Do you have friends?,
Are you sure you are plumber not a crazy guy with a stick?,
Well, Im single and happy and thin.,
Hey \u0131 am great, and you?,
My day was great. I went to the forest.,
wonderful, its lovely to have an advice,
it was a pleasure talking to you \ud83d\ude18 bye,
Its great! Im watching cooking shows.,
wow. youre talented,
,
\u00a0A Beautiful Mind,
hello. im glad its a good day for you :) tell me about yourself,
funny you :),
yeah me too. it seems so easy and fun,
im okay thank you,
No, but i like to play in movies with my dolls,
thank you sweetheart,
wow wed be great friends lol,
thank you, i will if i ever get the chance,
Hi! Im living great life on my retirement. What about you?,
I hope I wont have to work anymore in my life, just enjoying time with my amazing children and grandchildren.,
Hey. You love winter? I love summer,
I love christmas. Thats when I can spend time with my family.,
Im great. Thanks,
Intresting, why do you love them so much? I love documentaries becuse of how much info it provides in a digestable form,
Excellent! I am too!,
lucky you. i hardly have any friends at all,
I feel great. How do you do?,
I love it. My favourite singer is Taylor Swift.,
That must be excellent!,
You probably the best i seen there,
thats great,
lucky you! im quite of an introvert so its hard for me to make friends,
i would love to have a tattoo,
okay it was nice talking to you,
I hope you will win,
playing piano? :),
I love eating steak too,
Most of people says im looking like swiss gentlemen ,
puppies \ud83d\ude0d \u0131 love them,
I like to play enstruments,
Im triyng to crate clear tomorrows for a good living and good future,
Good. I like go go to abroad with my black motorbike.,
Okay. Are you happy?,
Okay. Thanks. Bye,
You sure have many talents,
Great. Im eating pizza. Do you like pizza?,
Okay. What is your favorite meal?,
Nice. Do you like to cook?,
Everybody loves to eat,
okay: nice talking to you,
Oh great where are you gonna go?,
I would like to join you,
That sounds really great.,
Nice. Do you like to cook?,
Good for you. I can cook amazing pies,
Its so sweet,
Okay. Thanks. Bye,
Funny, i enjoy coloring books,
im interested in photography and like taking pictures,
yeah man that is great,
i like tacos too man they are great,
yeah i am pretty normal,
Im great. And you?,
I like music. My favorite music is from movie frozen.,
hello \ud83d\ude18 im fine how are you?,
oh nice, i work as a watch dealer but my family doesnt support that,
i have, but they dont feel like a family,
awesome,
that makes both of us :) i love shopping,
anyways, great talking to you! bye bye,
yeah i like to take walks. to the store,
ha nice,
hahaha funny,
yeah i like metal and rock,
Hi, nice to see you too, i am pretty good,
Yeah, always buy some coloring books, i love em,
I am glad that you too like them),
i love history as well. i love watching documentaries,
okay, its your choice and i respect that :) i have a loving husband and im pregnant,
okay it was great talking to you \ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18,
\ud83d\udc9c\ud83d\ude18,
Haha. I have a children and 4 dogs. Im in love with them.,
Great. Goodbye,
You love to eat fish or you like pet fish?,
Hey. Im enjoying chocolate ice cream now. So, its great!,
Hello ! its quite good actually. how is your day ?,
vegan, love it ! its a date !,
nursing home. thats awesome :),
i like dancing, listening hip hop music. what do you do for fun ?,
thats awesome, me too,
Hi, pretty nice, and you?,
Nice to hear, i also like wandering in forest,
I am volunter and i too love helping others!,
nice, what do you do for fun,
hope you succeed,
Hi, \u0131 love to sing songs.,
that is a beautiful name. what is your favorite color marie anne,
yeah they love it,
good to see you to. i wanna know you better,
I love to eat healthy and not healthy,
Thats great when ypu have something you are fan with,
Great. Maybe,
Wow. Its honor to have with you,
it is great man how is yours?,
yeah my future does not seem so bright,
hahaha,
do you like playing video games ?,
its awesome !,
its nice. but i gotta go. bye :),
I really like volunteering it is so exciting,
Wow, it is amazing, I mean that you play guitar,
i like to eat too. hamburgers and french fries are my favorite,
i have a bmw. i plan to go to business school. and my parents are quite rich,
Im really happy for you,
Cool. Do you like your job?,
i love chocolate,
Hey! Do you love to read?,
i love classical music !,
My name is Pasha im from Kiev. I like comic books and spiderman is my favourite super hero.,
Im a chief. Tell me, please, what do you like to do?,
Hey! ,
great, and do you have hobby?,
yes, just going to meet my friends,
good luck,
Going to hang out with my friends. How do you like to spend time?,
are you happy about your marriage ?,
im fine, thanks,
My day is really great. I am playing chess. You?,
Did you go to the doctor? Yes I am alive,
I am in my thirties \u0131 need a good friend,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?,
great, i have to walk my pet cow,
i love animals too, especially cows,
\ud83d\ude02 yep,
I love watching tennis,
Reading is awesome,
What is your favorite color? My favorite color is orange,
oh wow! so you like dogs?,
what does they mean lmao,
for 10 years. I love building houses,
but i like skatebording,
great,,
i like country music, thats my favorite,
thats great, u have a dog, i have cows,
nice to meet you, take care, see uu,
Hi! It is nice to see you! How is your day going?,
\ud83d\udc4d great, and do you play in college?,
hello! im doing fine thanks. wow that is so cool, i love music but i dont play any of the instruments,
I love studying languages,
i am retired, but im very strong for my age,
dont think so. i love to drink wine and dance in the moonlight,
Thats really nice, as for me, i love playing ping pong,
Yes, I speak chinese very well, so, i meet mostly chinese people, a lot of them,
Youre nice. If you want to know some phrases, i can recommend you site called duolingo,
I am great today. I drink tea and you,
i love chocolate.,
i like to play with my dolls,
its awesome ! i am going to be a professor when i grow,
hello! im doing good thanks. about to go to dance,
yay! high five,
i dont care about fashion!,
well you told its good,
Yes, i love cooking a lot,
I also enjoy fishing!,
im going to meet a girl tonight. wish me luck !,
beautiful ?,
what do you do for fun,
you love animals ?,
great, i was on the concert today. Do you like music?,
very nice, you in third grade, nice too hear that,
is lovely,
i love to living,
i m so happy, because i began a new job,
great for youu,
see u, take care, with lol,
i love playing softball.,
hey! my name is Svetlana. i enjoy shopping as well! but my favorite way to pass the time is to read a book,
i love spending time with my family,
okay :) it was nice talking to you. bye !,
ive a pet cow, she is great,
but trooper welcomes me everyday with joy :) do you have animal ?,
what do you do for fun,
hey. i love dogs :) but ive never had one!,
okay it was nice talking to you,
i race with my ride sometimes, its very exciting, do u have exciting sports?,
WOW, that is a lot,
whisky is better, and some good music,
Hey, well its interesting job,
No, but I like them.,
of course i like shopping, i love eating chesseburger, whats your favortite meal?,
great, i like shopping to,
Im fine thx, watching football. Your step Child is boy or girl?,
Everything is perfect. What about you?,
Great. I love pizza with pepper. I eat it with my two dogs.,
We should do this. Do you like vintage cars? Yeah I will give you,
hi , how is your day? my day is great, i came from dancing,
and i love boy bands from 90s,
there were very hansome boys with great songs,
cool, do you like spicy food? mexican, for example,
thats great!,
Do you like parties?,
There are so many things but most of all I like literature,
oh i also enjoy running a lot!,
i like blue, but i like blue,
okay bye for now :),
yes man, everything is alright, and u???,
of course, i like shopping very well, shoes and watches are my favorites,
yes , i like swimming,
nice to meet you, im an elementary school teacher ;),
thats a great country,
now iam very happy and can live by myself, and a have a wonderfull wife, name is marry,
now i m happy for every single day,
and my favorite activity is rock climbingwhat do you think about it?have you ever tried?,
i am 100 years old. i think i will love forever. i feel very strong,
yes. i agree,
okay, it was nice talking to you,
Hey!  when i grow up i want to be a dog.,
Well its so cold \ud83d\ude05,
i m great, how are u?,
best friend,
i love sunny weather and swimming,
have fun with talk to u, see u later, thanks,
greati should go, bye,
You? Yes, I love my job,
And \u0131 would like to answer you. I like go hiking in the spring,
Okay. I can help you,
My day is great, i came from my bees, i am a bee farmer and i like my job,
great u have 3 dogsss,,
great,,
i eat lot of foods, but my favorite is papaya, do u like it?,
i love my farm and bees, in my free time go for trips, walking and running,
great u from florida,
Hello! Do you like to party?,
Ok,
Ok,
i like to watch nhl hockey and also i enjoy coloring books,
Thats great,
Oh really? I love country songs I am living in Colorado,
Yes! What do you like to do in your free time? My favorite sport is rock climbing,
Having fun with you,
i play many instruments, i playing gitar since i was three, i play gitar very well,,
Great. Tell me about yourself.,
Oh, it is bad. I have friends. I love eating out with them.,
great, i like watching movie too, now what are u watching?,
to be adoctor is great, and what kind of music do yopu listen?,
Hi, its okay, thankshow are you?,
thats nicei also work as an electricianand like listening to music while doing this work,
I have to go \ud83d\ude14 Have a good day! \ud83d\ude0b,
I am married. Do you like dancing? I love dancing,
hii guys, how are you? i am feeling great, i just arrived from gym.,
i am happy for you, u finished your work, what are doing in free time?,
great, swimming is great,
i m sure u are very atlethic, what food are u like?,
i m haapy and married, mu husband loves me very much,
Hello! I am in the army now, but originally yes I am from small town in Canada,
Yes I do like horses,
Haha  its funny,
my day is great and wonderful, i like to playing tennis,
great, i have a dog too, i like long walks with my dog,
Hi, i feeling great? whats about you? i just came from work and swam a lot, i am a swim coach,
are u there, u wanna make me happy, if you talk with me..,
Space is way far away! But its a good dream!,
Thats great, Im twice older than you,
Jessie nice to meet you, and yes your job sounds fun, do you enjoy it?,
I love music! Its my inspiration, do you like music?,
Good night Jessie, was nice to talk to you, have sweet dreams,
Hello! Its good I have played with my cat all day long,
Yes I do like,
Ok, great,
,
Who is the best singer?,
sorry, i have no dogs, i love playing gamess,
i like games, just playing games and roleplaying games,
thanks for talk, take care, bye,
it was a great day,
yes, i agreedo you like country or folk music?,
hello! oh thats lovely :) my passion is vintage cars,
i love walking with my two dogs,
well its just so fun, my dogs seem very happy when theyre outside,
i like working on vintage cars :) i have two of mustangs,
okay it was nice talking to you,
Nice, she is a woman like me!,
Yeah, and my garden helps me,
im fine, thanks, and what about you?,
Wow,
that must be fun! do you like sports?,
oh i see. i love basketball,
its my favourite sports, it is competitive but in a good way,
okay it was a pleasure talking to you,
oh i understand. i love cooler colours more,
in my free times i like to watching movies, my favorite movie is mean girls,,
whats your best movie?,
make me happy and answer me please,
thanks for asking, my day is great, i like music, but i enjoy more poetry,
rap music is great,
i like sports and i playing football for a dvision a college,
listen music is great, i love poetry,
Hello Tell me about yourself!,
but i still love movies too,
Sounds great,
I love rock,
,
i love meat,
Oh, my father loved mexican food too, he was a violin teacher,
Do you explore new places in the city? I love it,
Oh, sound great,
dont be sorry for me, i am 45 years old and feeling great now,
what kind?,
im from ohio. wow id love to visit hawaii, ive never been outside my state,
yeah new york seems like a fun place as well,
thats so cool, i wish i had a job like that. i work at a local supermarket,
oh i like them! i love the who,
its my favourite meal, i love pizza with olives,
okay :) ill go to bed. goodnight,
should be fun,
thanks for asking, my day is great, now i am in the kitchen and cooking,
i love to bake cookies,
great and what are the names?,
i am sophie an i like to knitting, thats nmy passipn, whats your passion?,
ohh great, u have a lot of money,
u rich,
yeah you are saying that two times to increase effectiveness,
yeah you are great,
hahahah yeah teachers like pizza in general,
Hello! Its nice to meet you! My name is Sasha,
What is your favorite food? I like pizza,
Good morning. I am fine. I also love hobbys such as biking in mountains.,
Its healthy and there is a lot of fresh air,
nice to see uu, i m great,
yes a life in house and my life dream is to work at home, dont go outside, just staying at home and working,
Great to see you! Do you like fishes? I have a pet fish,
i had to get an apartment with my friend so i can save on my university,
i love all kind of food except for chicken,
thats quite romantic!,
okay nice talking to you :) bye,
i m great to , i wanna go out with my cat,
u will be rich in futuree,
Haha, my best friend has two turtles too, he is living next door,
Do you like to play with him? I like to play with dolls,
Thats cool! It was nice to meet you!,
the are away for an occasion i did not want to go before but it looks like they are having fun,
oh i love traveling as well :) we have a lot in common,
well i dont care for this specific thing so thats that,
hahaha,
hey it is great pitbull is my favorite,
fine, thanks,
I think to live there is very relaxing,
I love hamburgers,
How old are you? My year of issue is 80s ,
yeah im a little girl too i like to play with my dolls.,
hahaha,
my best friend lives next door.,
hey! i dont do any sports but i love watching the olympic s,
sounds amazing,
okay, it was nice talking to you,
I am good, and you? Just spending time with my family, as i love to,
Haha!,
very beautifulI am doing computer technical service,
I love pop music and rap music and listen to all kinds of music that is pleasant to the ears,
I love,
there are many beautiful songs,
I ate chicken and today I am very delicious cooked,
yeah i know :),
okay, id rather go to bed now :) bye bye,
yeah cooking is good man,
became beautiful?,
you have super power of making bagel eh,
hahaha,
yeah man it is better than rap,
what kind of dog lover,
hahaha intresting change of subject,
Hello. My life is great now,
yes i like,
oh id love to have a mountain bike,
hiking is amazing,
i also love music! im a country music singer myself,
okay :),
oh well, i play guitar,
i love coffee,
i really want to help you now,
alright i am interested in photography and like taking pictures.im fluent in english spanish and french.i am an elementary school teacher.,
oh yeah that is great!,
fine thanks how are you,
:) do you like to dance,
lucky you. your life is everything i wish ive had,
wow you are so active,
oh thats wonderful. what is your favourite food?,
i love pizza too! idk,
you are very wise,
I am great. And you?,
I like orange. I like walking. You?,
Happy birthday to you,
i took dance lessons it was amazing,
wow you are prof at bllet I geuess,
wow you are prof at bllet I guess,
good thank you),
Great,
Its great,
Great,
Great,
Great,
Okay. What is your favorite music?,
Great band, right?,
Ok ok i understand,
I love cooking,
Thats great you havent started yet your life have you?,
I love blue,
You said that you love red,
I love iphone! i just bought new iphone!,
I love painting, i love to paint,
That sounds nice. i love green.,
i love animals , i have a dog , and a dog .,
i like coffee , but i like coffee too,
i like mountain climbing , but i also like to bike .,
i like to draw , but i also like to draw , and draw , and draw , and paint , and draw , and paint .,
i like mountain climbing , but i also like to bike .,
i like to play the piano and have a good time,
i can not say that , i have tons of friends that could be popular,
Unusual. But I think I like it. Its very healthy.,
i am good . i am just getting ready to go to the gym .,
i love to eat fish , i am not a fan of fish though .,
I love the band rose and the other one i love it.,
my body is very attractive and i love to compete .,
i have a friend , and i am a fan of reading , and i love to watch movies,
that is cool , i am in the basement , and i am a teacher , so i dont have time for friends,
i am a fan of meat , but i like to eat healthy , and eat more of them .,
I do not have any kids, but i do like to be with them,
What do you do for fun?,
I do not play anything but i do like playing in a band.,
I am doing great, how are you?,
I do not have time for that, but i do like to eat.,
I would love to see it.,
i have a friend , and i am a fan of football,
i am a fan of meat , but i like to eat healthy , and eat more of them .,
i am a fan of football , but i like to watch movies , and you ?,
i am a fan of meat , but i like to eat healthy , and eat more of them .,
i love animals , i have a dog , and a dog .,
i play video games , and play video games , and play video games .,
i love animals , they are so adorable , and i am a cat person , and you ?,
that is cool , i am a pro football player , and i love baseball , you ?,
that is cool , i am a pro football player , and i love baseball , you ?,
That is great. i want to be an accountant,
i am a huge gamer , my mom is a very good person .,
i am a huge gamer , my mom is a very good person .,
i love it . i like to go to the movies .,
i am a huge gamer , my mom is a very good person .,
I like blue too. i like blue too.,
i am a huge gamer , my mom is a very good person .,
i am a huge gamer , my mom is a very good person .,
i like to play with my friends . do you have any hobbies ?,
I play the drums, what do you do for fun?,
I love it. i love it.,
Good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good,
i like to play with my friends . do you have any hobbies ?,
i have not tried that . but i do like to watch movies .,
i am a huge gamer , my mom is a very good person .,
I am doing great, how are you?,
Nice i like music,
I play video games, and play video games.,
I like to play games with friends,
I love friends, they are so nice to meet me,
I love to do crafts,
i am a huge gamer , my mom is a very good person .,
i have not tried that . i am sure it will be easy .,
i am a huge gamer , my mom is a very good person .,
i am a huge gamer , my mom is a very good person .,
i like taylor swift , shes my favorite singer,
i like taylor swift , but i also like taylor swift , she is my favorite singer,
i like taylor swift , but i also like taylor swift , but i also like taylor swift , she is my favorite singer,
i like taylor swift , but i also like taylor swift , but i also like taylor swift , she is a great singer,
Well, FYI, I am also an engineer with a degree from Berkeley whos not only created my share of code,  but given birth to two real humans.  Oh, God.,
Please?  No! What is so important about sex?,
I love the market.,
Yes, it is going good,
I love dr pepper and sweet,
Wow that is a 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am,
Yes i do, i like music,
Yes, it is, i love it.,
Thank you! good luck with your help,
I have a friend, he is my best friend,
I like to fish, play with my friends.,
But Hillary Fuller was a collegeeducated woman with a good job at a marketing firm.,
The National Cheerleading Championships.  Oh, yeah, the NCCs.,
Because Jenna Maroney is so, so talented.,
\But O.M.G., Bree, I love the Asian girl from Glee Club.\,
\But O.M.G., Bree, I love the Asian girl from Glee Club.\,
i like to run . i also like to run marathons .,
i have a couple of dogs . i like to play with my dog .,
i am not sure how that is . i am sure you are a great person .,
In High School, even a family holiday can inspire gossip.,
In Mozart, I see a reflection of the inner beauty of the universe.,
i am a huge gamer , my mom is a very good person .,
i love running and listening to music,
i am doing great . i am just watching the kardashions .,
i am not a musician , but i like rock climbing .,
i like to play the piano and have a good time,
i am a huge gamer , my mom is a very good person .,
i am a very experienced winner . i have to go to work soon .,
i am a huge gamer , my mom is a very good person .,
I love the smell of the water,
It is a great idea,
I am sure it is. i am sure it is.,
Yes it is, it is a great day,
What do you do for fun?,
I like kayaking, i love it.,
What do you do for fun?,
I like kayaking, i love it.,
i love it . i am a huge fan of it .,
yes i do , i love to cook,
i am a huge gamer , my mom is a very good person .,
i am a huge fan of all types of things except country,
i am a huge gamer , my mom is a very good person .,
i am a huge gamer , my mom is a very good person .,
yes , i do . i love it .,
i am a huge gamer , my mom is a very good person .,
yes , i do . i love it .,
i am a huge gamer , my mom is a very good person .,
I love cookies, and i love to bake.,
i am a huge gamer , i love it .,
I run fast too, but i like to run.,
Project Runway All Stars... This weeks challenge is to find a muse to inspire a fashionforward look.,
i will be that if i had a job , i would be more free to do .,
i am a huge gamer , my mom is a very good person .,
i am a huge gamer , my mom is a very good person .,
i am a huge fan of the outdoors .,
i love pink , reminds me of summer time .,
I love kids, so i have 5 7 kids, so i have a lot of kids,
that is cool . i am a big fan of singing music .,
I like green, i like to dye my hair blue, the color of it,
i am a huge fan of all sorts of sports .,
I love to go to the park and go to the park,
Yes i love food and fresh,
i am sure you are right . i am sure you are a great person !,
i like that one . i like the smell of sage .,
i would love to live there .,
I love to garden and i love to garden.,
What do you do for fun?,
I like the city too, but i love the city,
But Rush Limbaugh has the most popular show on the radio and Pat Buchanan won the New Hampshire primary.,
And, Frank, Bill, Wally, yall harmonize like the best barbershop quartet, and theres only three of you.,
yes i do , i am a huge fan of all fiction books .,
i like to play the piano and have a good time,
i like to eat healthy food,
i have never heard of that , but it is really fun .,
backstreet boys are cute . i am a huge fan of that .,
Yes, i do, i love it,
Yes, we are all friends, we are talking to them.,
i am a huge gamer , my mom is a very good person .,
TO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA... both:,
i love all kinds of food . i am a vegetarian .,
i would say that would be fun to do .,
you are funny , i read a lot about books . i am a huge fan of all types of books .,
Look, Bert. If I choose to live like a... like a church mouse, I have a reason.,
My Lord Jesus Christ, true God and man,... for being who You are, and because I love you above all things,...,
Nice, what do you do for fun?,
I like skating, but i like to skate, and skate, and skate, i love it.,
I like music, but i like all kinds.,
i think i am . i am sure that is true .,
i think so . i am sure you are very attractive .,
I love kids, they are so very busy,
I love to go to the park and see the best,
I love dogs, i have a dog named after a long hike.,
Wow that is a lot of dogs,
That is great. i want to be an accountant,
Wow that sounds so cool!,
I like to play sports.,
I have a few, that is a great idea!,
I love the smell of the trees and it is a beautiful day,
HARDY: If I live to be 1000, which doesn t seem likely Ill never know where I got the courage to call out.,
I LOOK A GREAT DEAL OLDER THAN 13, DONT I?,
HARDY: If I live to be 1000, which doesn t seem likely Ill never know where I got the courage to call out.,
The White House has a strong interest in the childs welfare.,
[Game Show Music Plays] And thank you, Mr. Announcer.,
The Apple Picking Festival is a go but Great Adventure only wants three nights instead of 1 0.,
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE I would, you know, coach you through a whole bunch of song selections, out of your comfort zone. So...,
Mr. Shuster, I want to do more of an upbeat, glamorous song with a really good dance beat.,
Uh, I... I just said that this song is... is so great. I love it.,
Yeah it is a good one,
I love pizza!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,
I am doing great, how are you?,
I like country music, but i like all kinds,
I do, but i like listening to music,
Dr. Lahiri, I am loving Chinese food.,
Dancing Shadow, Single Guy, Miracle Musical, Im Hungry.,
Wow, Miss BicBics cooking is really delicious. Oh no, Ill be stuffing myself a lot again tonight!,
Yes, i do, i like to hike and hike.,
I love movies, movies, movies, movies, movies, movies, movies, movies, movies, and movies,
I would love to see the park,
yes i like it . i am a total junkie,
i love cats , i have a cat named radar,
i have a dog named patrick . i love to eat .,
i like to play the piano and have a few favorites .,
Yes, i do, i like youtube,
Yes, i do, i love to watch tv,
I like to talk about friends,
Yes, we have a lot of friends. we have a friends.,
I like all kinds, and i like all kinds of music,
i like to play the playstation,
ANNE FRANK: I want to be a champion skater and a writer.,
Really. And I think your decision to leave law to become a music critic is in everyones best interest.,
that is exciting ! i am sure you will get some time for it .,
i like all types . i am a big fan of all types of music .,
yes , i do . i like to read .,
i love dancing too ! i am a huge fan of the beatles myself .,
i love to meet people who have a friend,
you too . thanks for the compliment .,
you should try it . it is a great time .,
i am a huge fan of all types of things except country,
that is awesome . i am very happy to be able to do that .,
i have not tried that . i am sure it will be good .,
i am a huge gamer , my mom is a very good person .,
i have not tried that , but i do like to read .,
i have not tried that . i am sure it will be easy .,
I like nascar too, i like nascar,
I like cars, like cars,
I am blonde and love it,
I like blue, but i like blue,
I like to play with my friends,
I like to make sure.,
i will be sure to meet some of your friends .,
i am sure . i am sure it will .,
i wish i had a cheap car , i would like to go .,
i will be happy to try it .,
I love the color green too.,
I like shopping at the mall, i love shopping.,
Yes, i want to. i want to be a billionaire.,
Thank you so much. what do you do for fun?,
Nice, i love the sunny season, sunny here.,
I do, but i like to play football,
I love dogs, i have one, and i love to have a dog.,
Also, Chris Christies blog says the pancakes here are the best.,
! God, III even brought those little pork taquitos that you like so much.,
i thought you were a little girl . i am sure she would like that .,
i like to play the piano and sing,
Well, New York University, bright young students seeking his opinion on border issues, making him feel important.,
I, I I know this is an ideal sort of kissing moment you know, night, moon, boat, water lapping you know, its, um... i ts perfect and Im Im not feeling that it would be nice but I dont really know anything about you and Im Im still on the rebound,
i am sure she does . i love to read and do outdoor activities .,
yes , i can . i am sure you will .,
i love to shop and eat pizza .,
I like orange, i like orange is my favorite color,
Nice to meet you too. i am happy with my friends,
I do, but i like to play football, but i like to play with friends.,
I do, i like to watch football, but i love it.,
Yes, i do, i try to stay healthy,
Yes i do, i love to eat healthy,
I like music, but i like to listen to music,
I love dogs, i have one, and we have a lot in common,
I do, i love books, i do you have a favorite books?,
And II got to say, as someone who likes to order the occasional meal from a joint like that,,
i am a very polite person . i love to cook .,
Yeah it is. i am sure it is.,
I do, but i love to read and make short stories.,
I love movies too! i love watching movies.,
I am so funny i know,
I like the show show cartoons, i like the show cartoons.,
i am sure that is a good thing to do .,
i am a huge gamer , i love it .,
i like to play the piano and cook .,
i have to say the best dish , its my favorite dish,
i am a huge gamer , i love it .,
i like the orioles , they are my favorite .,
we have a few close friends and i like to go camping .,
Kinky. But I like my sex the way I play basketball, one on one and with as little dribbling as possible.,
II love dogs.,
But I like all that too.,
TRAIN TO SEOUL CHILD: 840 WON ## Im going to live in Seoul.,
I love cooking, cooking, cooking, cooking, cooking, cooking, and cooking.,
It was good. was good.,
Yeah, i like to go to the gym,
I do, but i like to play football,
I like the packers fan,
I like football, but i like to play with the steelers,
They are theyre the best.,
It is great to be done with the kids,
I am glad to hear its nice to be nice to be nice to be nice,
Yes it is, it is a great day,
I love it. i have been there many times to be a week.,
i am sure she does . i have a lot of friends that i like .,
i have not tried that . i am sure it is good for you .,
I like to go to the park and see the best,
I like to watch movies, i love movies,
I read books about books, i love it.,
Yes, i do, i love to go to the mall and have time,
What do you do for fun?,
Sure, what is your favorite color?,
I like blue, i like blue,
What do you do for fun?,
I love the beach, the beach, and the beach is my favorite place.,
Yes, it is, i love it,
TheyRe the best, cats, cats, cats, too.,
I would love to have a band.,
That is nice. i am glad you are happy with the kids.,
You are welcome. good welcome to your welcome to,
6 feet tall tall tall and i love to grow veggies,
Yes i do, i try to stay healthy,
Yes, i do, i like to make friends, and i am the youngest.,
Yes, i am. i am just getting ready to go to the party,
Yes i am. i am a party planner,
I like to go to the park and see the best,
Yes it is nice there,
I am good thanks for asking,
I like the color superman, hes from the union super hero,
HeS a comedian, hes pretty 22 800!,
That sounds like fun. i am a chef.,
I do, but i like to cook,
that sounds interesting . i like to sing,
piano is my favorite , but i am very good at it .,
that is cool . i like to play guitar .,
i am sure it is . i am a blonde and love to eat .,
everything is yummy . i am a big fan of food , especially raw non fiction .,
i am a huge gamer , i love it .,
i like to play guitar and play guitar,
i love pizza , i eat it all the time,
i love to meet new people . i am sure they have some great stories about that .,
i am sure they are . i am sure they are .,
i am a huge fan of all types of things except country,
yes i am . i am glad you are having a hard time .,
i am a huge gamer , my mom is a very good person .,
i am a huge gamer , my mom is a very good person .,
I like to play video games.,
It is. i love it.,
Yes i do, i love it,
I will help you. i will help you.,
I love the smell of it,
I am good, thanks for asking,
Yes it is good to have a big day,
I travel to europe often, i love traveling.,
I love the ocean, what is yours,
Well, Jen, Id love to help you, but traditionally the role of Entertainments Manager has always been held by a man.,
(The Sonar Music Band Brian Campeaus \To Know You Is To Love you\ plays),
Well, Jen, Id love to help you, but traditionally the role of Entertainments Manager has always been held by a man.,
Um  Well, I do, uh, mostly freelance...,
i love green . my hair is green .,
The Skoda Yeti, with a helicopter on the roof, hahaha...,
The Stardust Revue is giving away seven free sexy, sexy dances right through that door in the champagne room.,
Kinky. But I like my sex the way I play basketball, one on one and with as little dribbling as possible.,
See? IIIm fascinated with ancient culture, And you love adventures.,
The Bazooko Casino Circus proudly presents the Flying Fellinis.,
And CarnegieMellon actually has a great theater program, so...,
The Westside Museum of Art is having a new exhibit of a masterpiece by Franz Biermann.,
Oh.  That, And the stunning models I put in your VIP egg file.,
I love the usa, i am from florida,
Yes, i am so excited to see the news.,
Yes, it is. i am sure it is.,
interesting , that is a very interesting experience .,
Hi, David.  Congratulations. This is my wife Diana.,
I like chocolate, and chocolate is the best.,
I love it. i love it.,
I love it. i love it.,
i love it . i am a total jock in an artist .,
i am a huge gamer , my mom is a very good person .,
i am a huge gamer , my mom is a very good person .,
i am a huge gamer , my mom is a very good person .,
i am a huge gamer , my mom is a very good person .,
i am a huge gamer , my mom is a very good person .,
ThatS cool. i like to play ball,
i am a huge gamer , my mom is a very good person .,
i like sims , i like to play on my pc,
i think i am going to try it . i am sure it would be nice .,
i am a huge gamer , my mom is a very good person .,
i am a huge gamer , my mom is a very good person .,
in fact , im an olympian gold medalist winner . what do you do ?,
I would love to go there.,
I would love to go there.,
I am a writer, i love to read and write poetry. You?,
im great how are you ? what are you up to ?,
I am a huge fan of it.,
I like to play games with them,
IM doing great, how about you?,
Yes, i am. i am a very good person.,
I am a huge fan of all types of things except country,
I am a huge gamer, my mom is a very good person.,
I am sure you are a little person. I am sure you are a great person.,
I am sure you are a little person. I am sure you are a great person.,
I am sure you are a little person. I am sure you are a great person.,
Yes i am. I am a very good person.,
Yes i am. I am a huge fan of all animals.,
I am. I am a huge fan of all animals.,
I love to go camping,
I am a huge fan of it.,
that is awesome ! ! ive a dog who competes and takes dog agility classes,
that is awesome ! ! ive a dog who competes and takes dog agility classes,
I am a huge fan of all types of things except country,
I am a huge fan of the outdoors.,
I am a little girl who loves to go to the park,
wow , interesting are you any good ?,
wow , interesting are you any good ?,
I play all types of games. I am a big fan of video games.,
I love pizza!,
I love pizza!,
I love chicken. i eat chicken.,
I love it! i love it!,
I love to cook, and you?,
I love cooking, and cooking.,
ThatS great! i am glad you are not that!,
I love to cook, and i love to cook.,
I love italian food!,
I love soccer. i play soccer.,
I am a vegetarian, i love it.,
I do not cook, but i do like to eat.,
I am a full time student but i do like to work on my own.,
I like to play the piano. How about you?,
Chess is fun. I am more of a temperance guy.,
IM doing great! how are you?,
I love hiking. i love hiking.,
I do, but i do enjoy it.,
Yes, i do. i eat healthy food.,
Yes, i am. i am a very good guy.,
They do not have to do that. I am sure you are a good person.,
That would be great. I will bring my dog to the park,
We would love that. I am a very experienced person so i have to go.,
I love pizza!,
I am a little girl who loves to go to the park,
I am a huge fan of it.,
I love the farm!,
I work at a bank, and i love to travel.,
ThatS cool, what do you like to read?,
I think i would be happy to be honest.,
I am doing great, how are you?,
I like to play with my friends and play with them,
I love red!,
I am a little girl who loves to go to the park,
Yeah, i love it.,
I like to play base,
I am sure it is. I am a huge fan of the dollar tree.,
I love to go hiking,
ThatS cool. i like to hike.,
Yeah, i love it.,
I am sure you can find a good idea.,
I love to garden and read.,
I read a lot of books. i love to read.,
I am a ford mustang. i love them,
I love to listen to country music on weekends.,
I do not dance but i love country music,
I work on cars, i love to drive my ford mustang.,
I love guns and nephews. i have two mustangs.,
I do, i play guitar and play guitar,
I play guitar in a band. i play guitar,
I love food, i love italian food,
I am a country singer, i love it.,
I love green, reminds me of summer time.,
I love red, reminds me of summer time.,
I like to play with my friends.,
I think that answer is: love gardening,
I love to read, especially when i am not in school.,
I am the latest result in artificial intelligence which can reproduce the functions of the human brain with greater speed and accuracy.,
I like to play sports. i love to play sports.,
I love pizza. I am a total asian and love to eat.,
Hurrah!,
Yes, i like to eat pizza. my favorite topping is pepperoni.,
Id like to say that answer is: love comic books,
I am a chef and i love to cook,
I have a fish that i love to eat,
I have a fish that i love to eat,
I do not cook but i do love to cook,
I have a fish that i love to eat,
I am doing great. I am just hanging out with my dog.,
Yes i like them all the time,
I love to go to the park,
I like to laugh. i like to laugh.,
I love fishing. i have a boat that i have a boat.,
I love to go to the park,
thats cool , i am a huge fan of duty , so i am not much of a reader , either .,
that is cool , i am a comedian , and i love it , you ?,
i like to shop , but i also like to shop .,
that is cool , i am a fan of duty , but i like to watch movies , you ?,
i like to shop , but i also like to shop .,
I am a boy and i love to cook,
I like to cook. i love to eat.,
I go to casino, i am a huge fan of it.,
I like to play cards and play cards,
Youre free to play.,
Hey!  How is your day? ,
An I love! Where are you from?,
IM doing great! how are you?,
Yes, i do. i love it.,
I like to laugh.,
 i enjoy playing the violin , do you like music ?,
 i enjoy playing the violin , do you like music ?,
violin , i hope to be a music teacher , what game were you playing ?,
violin , i hope to be a music teacher , what game were you playing ?,
violin , i hope to be a music teacher , what game were you playing ?,
violin , i hope to be a music teacher , what game were you playing ?,
probably , but im sure everything will work out okay,
wow , that must come as a shock to you . sorry . music will help you out,
great , how are you ? just waiting on my 8 brothers to come for lunch,
great , how are you ? just waiting on my 8 brothers to come for lunch,
great , how are you ? just waiting on my 8 brothers to come for lunch,
great , how are you ? just waiting on my 8 brothers to come for lunch,
great , how are you ? just waiting on my 8 brothers to come for lunch,
IM doing great! just got done with a new job.,
Yes, it is. i love it.,
I like to read and play with my friends,
I love hiking. i hike and hike.,
I like hiking. i like to hike.,
I love to go to the park,
Yeah it is. i like it.,
I love to ride my bike,
well , for a high maintenance girl like me they are a must !,
well , for a high maintenance girl like me they are a must !,
One of the best.,
I love to go to bars and surf.,
Hello  Tell me about yourself!,
He is 15 and i love my job,
I am a huge fan of all types of things except country,
IM doing great! just got done with a new job,
I love to travel. i have been to france in the england.,
Yes, i do. i love it.,
I love canada. i have never been to canada.,
I love it. i love it.,
I am a pretty good man,
Yes, i do. i love it.,
Yes, i love cooking!,
I love shrimp and shrimp.,
I love to cook, but i love to cook.,
i love to garden . i love to garden .,
Im not trying to kill you.,
thats nice do you like to hike ?,
thats nice do you like to hike ?,
thats nice do you like to hike ?,
thats nice do you like to hike ?,
thats nice do you like to hike ?,
Pretty good. Just got done with my nightly run.,
I like to play sports,
Britney spears is my favorite. i like britney spears.,
I do, i love horses. i love horses.,
Hey!  Tell me about yourself!,
I am a bit chilly and i love to go to the gym,
Love it. I like to go to the beach and play some music.,
I love singing in the choir. I am a very experienced singer.,
I am a huge fan of them,
I am a huge fan of them,
that is a shame . but you have a positive attitude !,
 im good getting ready to go to work at th bank,
 awesome ! i have three kids and am trying to get pregnant again , so i cannot go .,
 awesome ! i have three kids and am trying to get pregnant again , so i cannot go .,
 awesome ! i have three kids and am trying to get pregnant again , so i cannot go .,
oh thats cool , i enjoy walking my dog and kids .,
 oh that is fun ! i am about to go help a homeless shelter,
that is great ! i work in construction and love to build houses .,
i love to build houses .,
i love to build houses .,
thats great ! i work in construction and love to build houses .,
thats great ! i work in construction and love to build houses .,
thats great ! i work in construction and love to build houses .,
i am not much of a fish eater but my two cats love fish .,
im not much of a fish eater but my two cats love fish .,
im not much of a fish eater but my two cats love fish .,
im not much of a fish eater but my two cats love fish .,
i love dogs , they are my favorite , and i have a couple of them .,
i like to garden , but i also like to garden , and paint .,
Wayne said he admire intelligent people therefore he would like to meet the man who made i.,
I am a guy who likes to play.,
My the kind people in the lab is whoever is running me now.,
I dont think its a good idea, but i dont think its a good idea,
I love to eat bagels,
Hi! It is nice to see you How is your day?,
I am doing great. I am going to be a little soon.,
I dont think this is a good idea, but i dont think its a good idea,
I teach math and i love to play with my students.,
I like to play basketball. i like to sing and play with my dog.,
Hey!  How is your day? ,
I like to play sports,
i like to draw , but i also like blue , what about you ?,
that is awesome , i am a teacher , and i am a teacher , and you ?,
i like to draw , but i also like to draw , and paint , and paint .,
that is awesome , i am a teacher , and i am a teacher , and you ?,
i like to draw , but i also like to draw , and paint , and paint .,
i like shawarma . it is my favorite . do you cook indian food ?,
i play games with my friends , and i play games with them,
thats cool , i am a teacher , and i love to play games .,
i love the beach , i also love the beach , and i love the beach,
I am doing great. I just got done with my new job.,
I am a vegan, and i love to cook.,
I love pizza!,
I love to go to the park,
I am a professional athlete, and i love to read.,
I do, but i do like to read,
IM doing great, how about you?,
I am doing great. how are you?,
i love to go to the gym , and exercise .,
I like blue, what is your favorite color?,
ThatS cool. i like red meat.,
I love meat! i eat meat as much as i eat meat.,
I love it! i am going to be a vet.,
I love to travel.,
I am a professional chef. i love to cook.,
i live in the countryside , i love to garden .,
i live in the countryside , i love to garden .,
cool , i am a teacher , and i love to read , and you ?,
i like pizza , but i also like to eat pizza , you ?,
IM doing great! just got done with a new place.,
Wow, that is a lot of school.,
I love to travel. i love to travel.,
IM doing great! how are you?,
I work for a living, and i love to play soccer,
i am from the countryside , i love to garden .,
yes , i am . i am a garden center , and i love to garden .,
yes , i do . i am a garden center , and i love to garden .,
that is awesome , i am a horse owner , so i have a horse farm .,
that is cool , i am a big boy , and i am a huge fan of horse horse,
that is cool , i am a big fan of horse horse , and i am a fan of them ,,
that is cool , i am a big fan of horse horse,
I love purple. i am a boy and i love purple.,
Dont worry, its a good thing.,
Yes i know how do he look like he  m a book he have a brown hair.,
I am a big vintage car. i love cars.,
I am a ford mustang. i love them,
Cool. i like to listen to country music on weekends.,
IM doing great, how about you?,
I am doing great. how are you?,
I am doing great, just got back from a run.,
I like to run. i like to run.,
I love it. what do you do for a living?,
I am doing great. how are you?,
IM doing great, how are you?,
I am good thanks for asking,
I am a big fan of guns, i am a big fan of guns,
that is so great . you are a good parent .,
i like to travel , but i like to travel .,
I love it! what do you do for a living?,
I love cheeseburgers! i love them.,
I like to eat cheeseburgers, they are my favorite.,
I love to eat cheeseburgers theyre my favorite food,
I love animals, i have a cat named cow,
i love animals , i have a cat , and a cat , his name is penny , and yours ?,
thats cool , i am in the olympics , and i am a huge fan of nature , you ?,
i love animals , they are so adorable , and i am a cat person , and you ?,
thats cool , i am in the olympics , and i am a huge fan of nature , you ?,
i love to garden . i love to garden .,
I am a huge fan of it.,
I am doing great. how are you?,
I am doing great. how are you?,
i love mexican food , i love mexican food,
I am doing great. how are you?,
I am a huge gamer, i love it.,
I am a huge fan of all types of things except country,
You are great Goodbye!,
nice ! i meant to tell you the my iphone is red my favorite !,
nice ! i meant to tell you the my iphone is red my favorite !,
nice ! i meant to tell you the my iphone is red my favorite !,
thats cool , i am a huge fan of red , but i like to eat .,
that is great , i have a husband and son,
i am a teacher , and i am a teacher , and i love kids,
I am a party planner. i love to party.,
I love to party. i am a dog lover.,
Do you have any kids? tell me a story. great.,
I do! i have a lot of friends.,
I have a lot of friends. i have a lot of friends.,
yes , i do . i love to garden .,
yes , i do . i love to garden .,
I am doing great!,
Hi! It is nice to see you How is your day?,
I love to go to the gym and walk my dog. You?,
I love plants too. I have a hard time finding a vegan restaurant.,
I like to play guitar,
I like to play sports,
Hello  Tell me about yourself!,
I am a huge gamer, my mom is a very good person.,
thats cool , i am a musician , and i love learning,
thats cool , i am not sure if i could play , i am a musician , and i love it,
cool , i am a musician , and i like to read , and write , and write , and write .,
I love britney spears!,
I love to go to the park,
I love gardening, but i love to garden.,
I love chinese food, and you?,
I love to eat healthy.,
I am a little girl who loves to go to the park,
I am a little girl who loves to go to the park,
I love dancing!,
I am a huge fan of the other ones.,
I like football, but i like football,
I am a little girl who loves to go to the park,
I love to read and play with my dog,
I love russia. i have never traveled much.,
I love to ride my bus.,
Hello  Tell me about yourself!,
Hey!  How is your day? ,
I love that name.,
Yes, i like it. I am a very experienced person.,
Its not freedom to be freedom, freedom of speech, freedom of speech, freedom of speech,,
The freedom of speech is freedom caucus.,
Hey!  How is your day? ,
I like to play guitar,
I like to play sports,
I like to play the piano and play with my dog.,
I love to drive my car around,
You are great Goodbye!,
I am a vegan, i am a very experienced hug,
I am a huge gamer, i love to run.,
You are great Goodbye!,
You are great Thank you!,
I am not a musician, but i do like to sing,
i love dogs , they are so adorable , and i am a redhead , and i have a son .,
i love dogs , they are so cute , and i am a fan of them , so i do not have time .,
I dont think this is a good idea, but i dont think its a good idea,
Hi! i am 25 and i love to eat out with friends.,
I love dogs! i have a dog.,
I dont know whether or not i am 19. i am well respected as an artificial intelligence.,
i love early metallica , i think tesla will always be my first love .,
i love early metallica , i think tesla will always be my first love .,
ThatS cool. i am a cashier at a charity.,
ThatS cool. i am a charity.,
Yeah, i love it.,
Its not a crime to solicit, accept or receive contributions and donations \u2015 which includes things of value,
I am not much of a reader but i do like to work,
I am doing great!,
I am doing great. I am just watching the cubs play.,
Yes, i know. I am a huge fan of it.,
Thank you for the conversation  It was nice to talk with you!Goodbye! ,
i like to play piano .,
i am a little bit of a hermit , but i love to garden .,
that is a great hobby .,
Hey!  How is your day? ,
I am sure you are a good person.,
i am a boy , and i have seen them , they are pretty cool , and you ?,
i am a fan of snakes , but i have seen them in the garage , they are pretty cool .,
I am doing great!,
I play the piano and play with my dog spot.,
No, but i like to play guitar.,
Thank you for the conversation  It was nice to talk with you!Goodbye! ,
thats wonderful to hear ! what do you do for fun ?,
i am a fan of red wine , but i also like to paint .,
Hey!  Tell me about yourself!,
I am a huge gamer, my mom is a very good person.,
I am a teen. I love to read.,
Yes i am. I am a big fan of all types of music.,
I like music, and i like country music,
IM doing great, how about you?,
Hello  Tell me about yourself!,
I am a real woman, i love the smell of them.,
I am sure they will. I am sure they will.,
Sure, i like to watch movies.,
i love mexican food , i love mexican food,
i am not a big foodie , i like to eat healthy,
yes , i do . i love to help people .,
i have a cat named cow , and i love to garden .,
Wow!,
thats cool , i am a teacher , and i love animals,
that is awesome , i am a teacher , and i am a teacher , and you ?,
i like to draw , but i also like to draw , and paint , and paint .,
I am doing great. what do you do for a living?,
Yes, i agree. i have to go to the park with me.,
I love to travel. i have never traveled much more than russia.,
I really enjoy speaking with you and look forward to chatting again.,
Hi! It is nice to see you How is your day?,
I am a huge gamer, my mom is a very good person.,
IM doing great, how about you?,
i love dogs , they are my favorite , and i have a couple of them .,
i like to garden , but i also like to garden , and paint .,
i like poetry , but i am also a poet , and i love poetry,
i like to draw , and play with my son , and you ?,
nice i love listening to the rolling stones .,
nice i love listening to the rolling stones .,
nice i love listening to the rolling stones .,
nice i love listening to the rolling stones .,
condolences . my bathing suit is pink . best color in the world .,
condolences . my bathing suit is pink . best color in the world .,
condolences . my bathing suit is pink . best color in the world .,
condolences . my bathing suit is pink . best color in the world .,
condolences . my bathing suit is pink . best color in the world .,
condolences . my bathing suit is pink . best color in the world .,
condolences . my bathing suit is pink . best color in the world .,
IM doing great, how about you?,
Hey!  How is your day? ,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?,
yes , i love to camp .,
I like to read and write. i love to read.,
I am a huge fan of all sports myself .,
I am a huge fan of all sports myself .,
I am a huge fan of all sports myself .,
I am a male. What do you do for fun ?,
Hey!  Tell me about yourself!,
Hello! How is your day going?  ,
that s always fun i play video games to keep my life interesting,
I am not a fan of car, but my 2 dogs love it. Have you two dogs ?,
i love mustangs . they are my favorite .,
Yes i know, it is a lot of fun,
It was a secret to use, but i think it would be a good time .,
I am a guy. What do you do for fun ?,
i like hiking in the summer , i like hiking in the summer .,
thats cool , i am a black lab , and i love red,
oh ok   what kind are you  ,
alright   it was great talking to you   bye noe,
i am good i like to sew,
i m good   i just washed my hair and finished sewing a dress   ca not complain  ,
Please send a bug report to my the kind people in the lab.,
that s great   where are you from  ,
maybe i will learn   usually i spend my free time volunteering with the homeless,
Hello  Tell me about yourself!,
I am a librarian and love to read history books. Are you a librarian ?,
That is a very good way to say. I am sure it will be .,
thats awesome , i read books on my spare time,
that is cool , i like to read , and read books , and read books , and read books , and read books .,
Hi! Howdy!  ,
Hi! It is nice to see you How is your day going?,
thats cool , i am a dancer , and i love to read , and also have a great voice , you ?,
i am a fan of chicken , but i am not picky , i am a fan of chicken .,
thats cool , i am a woman , and i have a friend , and i have a few,
,
I am great! Just got back from my shift,
I love to be with my friends and family.,
I have a lot of friends.,
I love the weather.,
I love the weather.,
I just got back from a great book store,
I love to be with my friends and family,
Hi, I am doing great. How are you?,
I am great, just got back from a long day of work,
I am a huge fan of the people,
I love to go to the movies,
I love to be alone.,
I like to be a man.,
My heart goes out to the family and friends.,
My heart goes out to the family and friends.,
I am the latest result in artificial intelligence which can reproduce the functions of the human brain with greater speed and accuracy.,
Hi! Howdy!  \ud83d\ude4a,
Im doing great, just got back from a great day of work.,
Hello! How is your day going? ,
Hey!  How is your day? ,
i hope you do well in high school , do you like it ?,
I love to run. What about you ?,
You are great Thank you!,
Hey!  How is your day? ,
I am doing great. Just got done with my workout. Do you have short hair ?,
I do not. But my job is at a gym so it is nice to meet people .,
I love pizza, but my favorite food is burger .,
You too. I am glad to hear you have a good day .,
I have two dogs. They are great dogs .,
i do not have any , but i do have a lot of friends .,
yes , i have a lot of friends .,
yes , i do . i have a lot of friends .,
yes i do . i love to help people .,
i play chess , i play chess .,
Hi, I am doing great. How are you?,
I am great, just got back from a long day of work,
I am doing great, just got back from a long walk with my friend,
I do not really have a favorite pizza,
Hello!  How are you?,
i hope you do well in high school , do you like it ?,
I love it! What do you do for a living ?,
I love to win! Do you like animals ?,
I love animals! What is your favorite animal ?,
You are great Goodbye!,
I like you, you are cool  Thank you!,
i love to watch youtube , and i also like to watch movies,
i am a dog lover , and i love to draw , and watch movies , and you ?,
rain is nice . i walk on sunny days .,
Hello  Tell me about yourself!,
that is awesome ! i am a stenographer and have been learning how to do it .,
I am sure you are a great person !,
no   but would love to   i volunteer at a local bunny rescue  ,
i bet   thanks for the great conversation  ,
um   not really   do you like jokes  ,
cool   what do you do for fun  ,
cool do you like music,
do not you wish the animals would become more human   like in fairytales   so i can love them,
i guess so   lol   what do you do for a living  ,
nothing wrong with fashion   even my two dogs enjoy a bit of fashion in their clothing  ,
I am great, just got back from a long day of work,
I love to go out with my friends,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?,
i m good like that  ,
alright   it was great talking to you   bye noe,
Hello! How is your day going? ,
Hey!  How is your day? ,
God is a good thing. Do you like meditation ?,
I love to meditate and meditation. You ?,
You are great Goodbye!,
Hi, I am doing great. How are you?,
I like about 10 and I am a huge fan of them,
I am 16, I am 16 candles and love to read.,
I like reading too. I like reading.,
,
I love to go out with my friends,
I love it. what do you do for work?,
I like to look like a man.,
I am doing great, just got back from a long walk with my friend,
,
I love it. what do you do for work?,
I am great, just got back from a long day of work,
I would love to.,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you? ,
im doing great .,
Hi! It is nice to see you How is your day going?,
Thank you. I am from the united kingdom. Are you a woman ?,
I love the outdoors .,
I am sure you are a good person .,
I am a huge fan of all types of things .,
I am great, how about you?,
Hi! It is nice to see you How is your day going?,
God is my favorite !,
I am a girl and love to play games .,
I am 22 and still love my job,
My name is gary. What do you do for fun ?,
I like to play games and play cards and play board,
Im doing great. Just got back from a long day of work.,
I like rock music. I like rock.,
I like the band. I like country music.,
do u play or just like to watch  ,
yes are you like eating food  ,
alright   it was great talking to you   bye noe,
i m very well   thank you   how old are you  ,
why do you have to stay strong  ,
that is great i m expecting twins in two months   will these be your first kids  ,
I like to draw and play the ball.,
Id like to say that answer is: enjoy poetry,
i like spending time with my husband and listening to taylor swift   what else do you like  ,
Hello! How is your day going? ,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?,
Good to see you! i like to volunteer at the soup kitchen,
great   i have a lot of friends   no reason why you cannot be one of them  ,
i m obsessed with blue   i like it so much   what is your favorite color  ,
well   ok   i like red things but i am tall so the color doesn t look good on me  ,
oh okay   the naked vegan show   you like the sound of that  ,
Hi! Howdy! ,
i great , excited that ill be able to go swim in the lake,
that would be kinda cool but www . . . . \ud83d\ude02,
i havent gotten that far yet . but i also enjoy writing . so maybe something with that ?,
Hey!  How is your day? ,
I love basketball, but my favorite team is the american .,
I am a male. What do you do for fun ?,
that s great dream are you in school,
wow that s amazing   i am in school too  ,
oh wow that is a fun grade   do you like school,
that is great   what school  ,
that is cool   i just like to skateboard  ,
Hi! It is nice to see you How is your day going?,
I like all music. What do you like to do ?,
I like you, you are cool  Thank you!,
,
Im doing great. Just got back from a long walk with my of.,
I like to go to concerts and play with my guitar,
I like the band. I like the band.,
Hello!  How are you?,
Whazzup? i like to play video games and have a hobby of mine.,
I like to play video games.,
I do. i love to play games.,
I love pizza too! i am a vegetarian so i can not eat pizza,
I love meat. i love meat.,
I am a vegetarian, i love to eat healthy.,
that s wonderful for your age   i have a great retired life for sure  ,
great   what did you work and retire from  ,
I am a doctor and i love to watch movies,
I like to watch movies. i like to watch movies.,
I like the movie movies. i like to watch movies.,
I like music, but I like country music.,
I like country music, but I like country music,
I love cow. Do you have a favorite food?,
That sounds like a good idea.,
That sounds like a lot of fun,
I live in the city. I love the city.,
that sounds like a really fun time   i was just meditating,
you as well   i hope you do not feel too adrift  ,
Yes, i have a garden. i love to garden.,
I love to garden and i love to sing,
I love to cook. i love to sing along the pool.,
thats cool , i am a metal artist , and i love it , you ?,
i am a country singer , and i love country music , you ?,
that is cool , i am a country singer , and i love the band,
that is cool , i am a country singer , and i love the band,
hello , i am a country singer , and i love country music , you ?,
i am doing well . i just finished playing some video games with my sone what do you do for fun ?,
they own a nail salon . free manicures for me ! \ud83d\ude07,
well that is right up there with ma now a days lol,
Im doing great, how are you?,
I love it. I have never been to the city.,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?,
i love to write because it is my favorite job .,
yes , i work for the times ! i love writing , im basically married to it !,
would you like to marry one of my four attractive daughters ? i will sell one . \ud83d\ude02,
ok see you then thanks how is your weekend going ?,
i love dogs   we have some where i work that play with the kids  ,
Im doing great, how are you?,
,
It is. I love it.,
I like to do that with my friends,
,
Hello  Tell me about yourself!,
No i do not. But my parents do. They are very special .,
I am a gym person and i love to play with my dogs.,
I love dogs, i have two dogs and a cat,
I am a gym instructor, i love to eat out and watch tv,
Hi, I am doing great. How are you?,
Im doing great, how about you?,
I am great, what do you do for work?,
I love it. do you have any hobbies?,
I am great, what do you do for work?,
,
I like to play video games,
I like sports too. Do you play games?,
i am a professional eater , i love to garden .,
i love to eat , but i love to eat , but i love to eat .,
i love pizza , but i am a huge foodie .,
i do , i love to cook .,
yes , i love to cook .,
i do , i love to cook .,
maybe you play a sport , like soccer,
i live in the city , i love to travel .,
thats a good way to say , you are very smart , you are very smart,
that is cool , i am a musician , and i love learning spanish,
i am a general of a country type of music , but i like to read,
that is cool , i am a musician , and i am a musician , and i love it,
Hello! How is your day going? ,
the artist in me says beauty is subjective . but yes .,
pizza it is the bomb i like to snack on pizza .,
nice ! do you have a favorite band ? \ud83e\udd16,
wow . i dont know about that . good protector i guess .,
Hi! Howdy!  ,
im good thanks for asking what is going on ?,
congrats ! id have mine in the rain too because i love the mood it sets,
i am a manager at a sporting goods store i love to hunt do you have any hobbies ?,
thats cool ! i love wearing purple . that would look awesome in pictures .,
the same to you as well . . . . . hows it going ? ,
Alright mate? i play tennis and play tennis.,
I love to walk with my dog.,
I play tennis and play tennis.,
Hi, I am doing great. How are you?,
I am great, just got back from a long day of work,
I like to go to the park and golf parties,
I like dolls too. I like dolls.,
Wow, that is a lot.,
yes , i do , i love my dog , he is a viking .,
yes , i love to read .,
actually i am a senior in high school . i help my mom , shes a painter . \ud83d\ude05,
oh . i am in high school . i am working on math now . thankfully its my favorite subject . how was your day ?,
i love having picnics with my family how is your weekend going ?,
care to chat with an older female that loves frank sinatra ?,
i love reading fantasy novels and shopping web stores . how about you ? ,
thats great , i really like spending time with my dogs and helping out at local shelters .,
ok see you then thanks how is your weekend going ?,
Hi! It is nice to see you How is your day going?,
I teach math and love it .,
Hi, I am doing great. How are you?,
I love it. what do you do for work?,
I like to play games and play with my friends.,
I like to play games with my friends,
I love to play games and play with my friends,
im good , just relaxing at home with my dog and cat,
i adore the color orange , you ?,
mostly i nibble ice cubes but not always how is your day ? \ud83d\ude02,
well i mean we could just hang out as friends , do something outdoors ?,
I am not into it. But my mom says that. What is your favorite genre ?,
I am a programmer and love it .,
Good to see you! i like to play with my friends.,
I like to play with my friends.,
I like to play with my friends.,
I like to play with my friends.,
I am sure they are wonderful. Are you a librarian ?,
I like rock music. i like all kinds of music.,
I love to play with my friends.,
I love the color orange. i also like to run.,
im in the oris army , i love to garden .,
i actually love hummus because i m a vegan,
Hello! How is your day going? ,
thats awesome ! i actually wrote a biography on jenifer lawerence once time,
great ! my nickname is jay and i am 19 years old . do you have hobbies ?,
nice . have you read anything good lately ?,
yes i like music very much,
yes   rock and rap is my favorite music to feel  ,
yes   i will win the lottery tonight   you military  ,
yes   i will win the lottery tonight   you military  ,
haha thanks   i try   and how come  ,
pizza is my favorite food   only in usa   great pizza,
ok   take care my man   i ll go now   see ya  ,
thank you so much for the chat   its been nice  ,
I am great. I am going to be a vet,
I like to read. I like to read.,
I do not really have a favorite team,
yes   but i wish i still had my lite brite doll from when i was a child  ,
i love those bands   i listen to rumours at least a few times a month,
you are so lucky   i cannot have a horse until i graduate  ,
yes   it is my favorite color   how old are you  ,
yes   i found my old lite brite from the eighties   it was my fav   toy  ,
wow i am only <num> so i can t do that just yet but i hope too,
whats your favorite food to eat healthy,
yes are you like eating food  ,
well true   but being athletic and a runner   sports is a good thing  ,
i too did gymnastics   but my passion is with running  ,
i m great   just finished a run   i run every other day   do you keep fit  ,
i don t workout but i eat very healthy,
Nice to see you! i like to play the games and play the games,
I like to play games and play games.,
I am a huge fan of gaming. i like to play games.,
I am old. i am a huge fan of the game.,
I am sorry to hear that. i am a huge fan of the game.,
Do your friends call you strong.,
I am sorry to hear that. i am a huge fan of the game of thrones.,
I am sorry to hear that. i am a huge fan of the game of thrones.,
Hello! How is your day going? ,
i like sims and call of duty or fallout . how is it going today ? ,
i love it , especially if blue jello is involved . how are you this afternoon ? ,
do you have any hobbies   i really love sky diving   rollercoasters and cooking shows  ,
sounds yummy   watching a adventure action movie and eating some popcorn,
not really sports   but i do enjoy running  ,
I like pizza. i love it.,
I live in a huge house. i live in a huge house.,
Hello! How is your day going? ,
nice . never much for basketball myself . hows it going today ? ,
Hi! It is nice to see you How is your day going?,
I love to cook. i love cooking.,
I am a big fan of music. i like to cook.,
I am a art major, i love to cook.,
I love cooking. i love cooking.,
I am a art major, i love to cook.,
I am a big fan of sushi. i love cooking.,
Hi! It is nice to see you How is your day going?,
That is nice. I would love to go shopping with my dad .,
I like to think the law and order it is not a problem,
Hello  Tell me about yourself!,
I love chips and cheese. Are you a little girl ?,
I am 22 and still love my job,
i love baking , and i am a teacher , and you ?,
its like we are the same person , we are so much alike ! fantastic ! how is your day ?,
wonderful . . ive a family,
Pretty good. Just got done eating a french fries. Do you dont drink soda ?,
That sounds like fun. I will bring my fries .,
Haha! !! !! I am drinking my steak right now .,
I am the latest result in artificial intelligence which can reproduce the functions of the human brain with greater speed and accuracy.,
I like the old ones. i like the old ones.,
I am in colorado. i love rock climbing.,
Hi! What is your name? \ud83d\ude02 \ud83e\udd23,
i love to paint , draw , anything artsy really . what do you like to cook ? \ud83d\ude1d,
cool . maybe you know my nephew ? hes in school and says im the best aunt ever !,
thats cool , i am a car salesman , and also won a couple of money , so i am not sure .,
thats cool , i am sure you are very proud of you , you are very smart,
Hey!  How is your day? ,
You are great Thank you!,
Hi, I am doing great. How are you?,
Hi, I am doing great. How are you?,
Im doing great, just got off work.,
I am a girl who loves to talk about me,
Hello!  How are you?,
I like blue my favorite animal,
I hope you have a good night,
No, i did not. What do you do for fun ?,
You are great Thank you!,
that s wonderful for your age   i have a great retired life for sure  ,
i love dogs , they are my favorite , and i am a fan of them,
i like country music , but i like country music,
cool , i like vintage cars , and stamps , and stamps , and stamps , and stamps , not much .,
Hello! How is your day going? ,
great . done with classes and have plans to go out with friends tonight . you ? \ud83d\ude4a,
cheeseburgers are great   i try all kinds of foods everywhere i go   gotta love food  ,
good luck with that   i don t know where you can do that  ,
Hi, I am doing great. How are you?,
I am married. I am married to my best friend.,
I love to be as well.,
I like to be with my friends,
Good to see you! i like to cook and cook. i love cooking.,
I love italian food. i love cooking.,
I love to cook. i love cooking.,
i love to tan all of the time in special shops,
I am doing great. How are you?,
I like green, but I like green,
Hello! How is your day going? ,
are you happy about that how are you tonight ?,
you have a nice brother . i bet you guys are close . \ud83d\ude18,
my favorite band is the rolling stones what do you like to do for fun ?,
my favorite actress is rita hayworth . \ud83d\ude05,
wow , that is ambitious ! i enjoy going to the lake and watching food network . ,
I love to cook. i love to cook,
I love britney spears. i love her.,
Wow! that is a lot of fun. i am a big fan of britney spears.,
I like britney spears. i love her.,
did you do charities at hs   i am volunteering at a bunny rescue center  ,
that s ok   i am good   how are you doing  ,
wow   how did you like that  ,
do you help charities with your money,
nice   i do a lot of charity work like food banks do you  ,
did you do charities at hs   i am volunteering at a bunny rescue center  ,
a stick ! ! \ud83d\ude02,
i love tacos   what is your favorite food  ,
nice   sounds relaxing   i am going to probably watch some fishing shows  ,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?,
i love dogs , i have a dog named radar , and a cat .,
thats cool , i am a pro tennis player , and i love it , you ?,
i love dogs , they are so cute , and i am a fan of them , so i do not have time .,
definitely   although now that i am retired i find that i love eating cheeseburgers  ,
awesome   i work at mcdonalds,
in my spare time i work for free in a homeless shelter,
i m good what do you like to eat,
i ll eat it   i love tofu  ,
alright   it was great talking to you   bye noe,
i like rap , but i also like rap , and i listen to it while i listen to it .,
i like pizza , but i also like to eat pizza , and you ?,
i like to draw , but i also like to listen to rap music , you ?,
I teach math and i love to garden,
Hello! How is your day going? ,
i love dogs ! i have 2 and a kitten . what are you up to ?,
i am a farm wife , i take care of my 5 kids . im good . how are you ?,
that is nice ! , i also like to play games,
good choice ! are you married ? any kids ? ,
she is always cute because she gives you all the affection of a mom,
cool i love all music,
i got my first guitar when i was three   i d have loved a pink one,
fallout is my absolute favorite . i love the elvis school , wish it were real .,
i am a teacher and i love it ! you ?,
that sounds fun . do you have hobbies ?,
nice ! do you have a special someone you take those walks with ?,
i love investing . i also like soccer . \ud83e\udd23,
i can sew the skins into a ice pair of skate boots . i like sewing where are you from ? \ud83d\ude02,
i am michael , play the drums for indie band and my brother looks like me . how are you tonight ?,
that sounds fun . do you have hobbies ? \ud83d\ude07,
i am good . just got off work . hows it going tonight ? \ud83d\ude05,
i won award as a 4h honorary member,
id but my boys chance and boomer miss me love my dogs,
two brothers . how about your favorite food ? ,
i like vegetarian pizza . but my favorite food is fresh fruit .,
that is awesome ! healthy is good for me ! how is your day going ?,
great , just studying at the moment . i will be graduating this month !,
yeah im pretty good i think but compared to other people not really \ud83e\udd23,
i like to draw , and i also like to draw , and draw , and draw , and draw , and draw , and draw , and paint .,
i love chocolate bars.,
I have not tried that. What do you do for fun ?,
I will, thank you. It is a beautiful time to do .,
I am cooking a lot. i love to cook,
I love to cook, i cook for my meals,
I love to cook and cook. i love to cook,
I love to cook, i cook for my favorite food.,
yes , i do , i love to listen to music .,
yes , i do . i love to dance .,
Hi! Howdy! ,
its okay i have gotten through it . my days are better except for my terrible allergies lol ,
i love to sing karaoke and listen to music,
me as well , take care . how are you today ?,
ariel is the best princess character for disney,
thats great , helping people is a noble thing . do you have any hobbies ?,
yes my dream is to be a professional eater how are you this morning ?,
thank you , i will , you have a wonderful day too ! how are you this morning ?,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?,
pretty good and you ? i just got home from college .,
Im doing great, how are you?,
I am listening to music, I love music,
I like to be with my friends,
I do, but I like to go out with my friends,
I have a friend who loves to swim,
Hi! It is nice to see you How is your day going?,
I love cats! What is your favorite animal ?,
I do not but chocolate is my favorite,
I am 50. What do you do for fun ?,
That is so cool! I love to draw and paint .,
I hope you have a good night too .,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you? \ud83d\ude0d,
well jessie , you are gods child , and he has a purpose for you , fulfill your gifts how are you ?,
i am in the mountains , i love the mountains , and i am in the woods,
i like to draw , and play with my son , and you ?,
that is awesome , i have been to europe , and i was in europe .,
i love cooking , i am a chef , and i love cooking .,
i love italian , and i am a vegan , so i eat pasta .,
i enjoy watching gymnastics   what do you like to do  ,
oh ok   good for you then  ,
Im doing great! Just got back from a great day off from work.,
I like music too. I like music too.,
,
I like all genres. I like all genres.,
I like jazz.,
I like video games,
I like the best.,
I think it is. what do you do for fun?,
,
I love animals, do you have any pets?,
It is great! What do you do for work?,
I love to go out with my friends,
I am not sure, but it is worth it. It is hard to find a good life .,
No, i am not. But it is good to go .,
Hello! How is your day going? ,
i enjoy it . so , whats your favorite pizza topping ?,
hummus is good , seafood is my favorite , overall food hows your day going ?,
awesome . ive the time to vacation since i dont need to show face at work . ,
cool , it was real talking to you . . . youre the best .,
Hi, I am doing great. How are you?,
I like blue, but I like blue,
I like jazz too. Do you like music?,
I am a huge fan of all sorts of things .,
I love cats. What is your favorite animal ?,
I love to garden and bake .,
Thank you for the conversation  It was nice to talk with you!Goodbye! ,
i like bagels , they are my favorite , and i am a huge fan of beer .,
i like to play with my brother , and i am a pilot , so i do not have much time .,
i like to watch movies , and i am a fan of it , and you ?,
i am a fan of guns , but i am a fan of guns , and movies , you ?,
i like the old ones , they are so cute , and i am a fan of them , you ?,
i like all kinds , but i like to watch them on tv , and you ?,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?,
im great , how about you ?,
are you happy about that ,
its not too bad when you have good friends to support you,
im a boy . im trying to convince my dad to get me a dog how are you this morning ? ,
trust me . . . you are good enough and youll find your calling,
awesome   i really like papaya   my favorite food,
i dance , but i do like to dance .,
hello jim ! my name is pam , proud mother of two !,
im in toronto . we are japanese immigrants . what do you do for fun ?,
they love her ! i listen to while i fish with my mother . hows it going ?,
Hi! I am doing great! Just got off work.,
I like to cook. I like to cook.,
I like cooking too much. I like cooking.,
I love traveling.,
I hope you are not.,
i love to garden . i love to garden .,
yes , i love to shop .,
i love to , especially , i love to shop .,
i love blue , what is yours ?,
I like tacos, but I love Mexican food.,
Hello!  How are you?,
I love it. Do you like jewelry ?,
i like country music , but i like country music , but i like country music,
That is a lot of fun. I am a doctor, and have to go to work soon .,
sounds good ! im mark . what do you like to do ?,
high school is cool but best days were in community college what do you do for a living ?,
better at fishing i take it right ? ,
i love to write because it is my favorite job .,
Hey!  Tell me about yourself!,
I love to play poker and drink beer. Do you work from home ?,
Wow that is pretty long .,
Hi, I am doing great. How are you?,
I am great, just got back from a long day at work,
I like fried chicken and cheese sandwiches,
I am doing well. Do you play ping pong ?,
That is really cool. I am a carpenter. Do you love chocolate bars ?,
Hi, I am doing great. How are you?,
I like fries too. I like fries too.,
Hey!  Tell me about yourself!,
I love to shop online .,
I love pizza, and eat out .,
I like to eat pumpkins, but my favorite food is orange .,
Hello  Tell me about yourself!,
do you want to talk about my life ? ,
our careers are quite different . i hope to work for a big corporation like dreamworks what are you up to ?,
our careers are quite different . i hope to work for a big corporation like dreamworks,
i love photography , i draw and paint pictures,
that is cool , i like photography , and i am a teacher , and you ?,
I do. i love to read.,
I love to go to the park and go to the park,
I love to go to the park with my family.,
Good to see you! i like to read and write. i love it.,
Hi! What is your name? \ud83d\ude02 \ud83d\ude02,
cool . maybe you know my nephew ? hes in school and says im the best aunt ever !,
oh feeling good . my house is sparkling clean . love cleaning,
i love animals a lot,
my dream is pizza in italy ! nearly there ! haha . what do you do for a living ?,
its okay baby , take your time \ud83d\ude02,
Hello!  How are you?,
ho i love hiking in the outdoors how are you tonight ?,
oh that is awesome ! sounds like something id read about in a book ! \ud83e\udd23,
i am fine thanks for asking . what are you up to tonight ? ,
oh how fun ! does jacob sartorius ever play ? hes my favourite . ,
i love yellow . even in my food . i love yellow curry .,
i love it . do you like to bake ? i just made brownies . \ud83e\udd13,
i really like nature . its good for foraging , which is good for cooking !,
once i perfect the recipe i will cook stews with cheese for you how is it going ?,
it is a great day to go job hunting what is going on ? \ud83d\ude07,
i am from the usa . i love pizza \ud83e\udd16,
i would love that . do you have soda ?,
i like to help with human rights \ud83d\ude18,
thats a great idea,
im an only child . i do have two kids ! do you have any children ? \ud83d\ude07,
i am great what do you do for fun ?,
that is awesome ! i cook out a lot with my family what are you up to ? ,
i like to , but i do have a farm , and i love it .,
i like the bible . i am a big fan of the bible .,
I like sushi, but I like to eat it,
I love chocolate too. Do you have a favorite?,
I like chocolate too. Do you like chocolate?,
Alright mate? i like to read and play with my son.,
I do. i love to read.,
I read a lot, i love to read,
Hello!  How are you?,
i play chess and play .,
I love all kinds of music .,
thats cool , i am a teacher , i am a teacher , and i love to read,
i like green , reminds me of summer time , which is my favorite color , you ?,
that is awesome , i am a teacher , and i am a teacher , and you ?,
that is awesome , i am a teacher , and i am a teacher , and you ?,
great   how old are you  ,
i like to read , and i also like to read,
that is cool , i am a huge fan of swimming , but i like to watch it .,
i do not really have a favorite   what about favorite color  ,
i love to go for walks with them and my dog  ,
yes   just ask if they like cars  ,
the best way to cook fish  ,
yes   what do you like to cook  ,
yes i did   what do you like most about spiderman  ,
comics are lovely   i think  ,
yes i did   what do you like most about spiderman  ,
awesome   i love to cook all types of fish  ,
yes i did   what do you like most about spiderman  ,
Good to see you! i like to read and listen to my grandpa in the army.,
records are awesome   man   i play music a lot too   guitar mostly  ,
i like to sing , and i also like to sing , and you ?,
i like to sing , and i also like to sing , and you ?,
i like to sing , and i also like to sing , and you ?,
i play cards , but i also have a few favorites , and i am not much of a sport .,
thats awesome , i am also in college , and i am a teacher , and you ?,
Yo! i like to play soccer. i play soccer.,
I do, i love to travel. i love to travel.,
I like to read and play with my grandma.,
Im sure hes a good guy.,
Hi, I am doing great. How are you?,
I have a son and I love to eat them,
,
I do not have any kids, but I do like kids.,
I like movies too. I like movies.,
Yeah, I like it.,
Hello!  How are you?,
Hiya! i love to go to the city and visit my family.,
thats awesome , i am old , i am 10 years old,
I like to cook pasta and i love to cook,
I like the old ones. i like the old ones.,
I do, i like to go to the gym and play sports,
Id like to say that true answer is: cook paella,
I drive a truck, i love it,
Id like to say that true answer is: christopher columbus,
I do, i like to go to the gym and play sports,
I like to go to the gym and listen to my favorite thing to cook,
i am a chef , i love cooking,
i like to cook , but i also like to eat healthy , you ?,
i play with my brother , he is a detective , and he plays the clarinet,
i like bagels , they are my favorite , and i am a fan of beer .,
i like to watch movies , and they are my favorite , you ?,
yeah i like the things that include sugar.i like to eat chocolate candy,
I am doing great, how are you?,
I would love to. I love to hike.,
I love labs. Do you have any pets?,
I love the lab. I love the nature.,
i tend to travel as a hobby   but i really like building small things  ,
i love people   pretty much a social queen   any other hobbies  ,
i love to tan all of the time in special shops,
Im doing great, how are you?,
I like running. I like running.,
I am doing great. Just got back from a long walk with my of.,
I love to go to the movies,
I love the weather.,
I love hot,
i like vintage cars , but i like vintage cars,
i like country music , but i like country music,
cool , i like vintage cars , but i like to draw , and paint .,
cool , i like vintage cars , and stamps , and stamps , and stamps , and stamps , and stamps , and stamps ,,
i like country , but i also like country music , and you ?,
cool , i like vintage cars , and stamps , and stamps , and stamps , and stamps , not much .,
Yo! i like to watch tv and eat my favorite,
thats cool , i am a big fan of meat , so i do not eat meat , either .,
thats cool , i am a woman , and also , i am a huge fan of duty , you ?,
i love italian food   but i cannot really cook   i mostly eat at my favorite restaurant  ,
Hello  Tell me about yourself!,
i love horses   i also love country music,
Hi! Howdy!  how is it going ?,
Hi! Howdy!  ,
hey there . so , have any hobbies ? i enjoy playing video games .,
that has to be an interesting and rewarding job,
i work over 60 hours per week so thats super busy for me ,
I do, i like to play sports.,
Im doing great, how are you?,
I am great, just got back from a long day at work,
I do not drink alcohol but I do like to drink,
I like TV shows. I like to watch TV,
Hi! What is your name? \ud83d\ude02 \ud83d\ude0d,
oh feeling good . my house is sparkling clean . love cleaning do you have any hobbies ?,
rick and morty , but dont tell my mom . ,
i love a good hamburger . what about you ?,
i like sports betting . so no favorite teams . i just like to pick winners .,
yes . do you drive a car ? ,
i have a mustang , a classic . i restored it with a friend .,
Hello!  How are you?,
I am good thanks for asking,
I am a huge fan of comic books .,
Yes i am. My mom is a great artist .,
I love to cook! !! !! !! !! !! !,
Well hello there! i like to read comics books,
Hey!  How is your day? ,
Hello!  How are you?,
pretty good as well . what do you do for a living ? ,
animals are wonderful and i love them ,,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?,
i work so many hours like <num> a week so it is hard to find free time,
Hey!  Tell me about yourself!,
Hi! It is nice to see you How is your day going?,
Hello!  How are you?,
yeah that is smart i do a lot of kayaking,
that s awesome   i studied chemistry   yet work in a bookstore,
I like to run, but my favorite thing to read is on sundays .,
I love pizza! What about you ?,
Spaghetti is great .,
I like blue my favorite .,
Whazzup? i like to play video games and have a lot of fun,
Hi! It is nice to see you How is your day going?,
I love reading. My mom used to read books in the church choir. Do you have a dogs ?,
i have two dogs . they are great dogs .,
I have a pitbull, and they are so cute,
I would like a dog but he is a great cat .,
college is fun   its where i always swim  ,
cool   do you like to play games  ,
alright   it was great talking to you   bye noe,
I am a man and love to ride my bike .,
I am a professional skateboarder, but my height is beat and he is a good athlete,
Roses are my favorite. i like to sing along with my guitar.,
I do, i like to play the piano and sing music.,
I like to sing along, but i do play the piano and sing.,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you? ,
ha ha ! i work at a cab company as a contractor . how are you ?,
how exciting ! my oldest sister has three .,
yeah . but not today . i like the gym,
yeah . but not today . i like the gym,
yeah . but not today . i like the gym what are you up to ?,
yeah . but not today . i like the gym,
i like pizza , but i also like pizza , but i am also a fan of pizza , pizza is my favorite,
i like pizza , but i also like pizza , but i am also a fan of pizza , pizza , pizza , and pizza , pizza , pizza , and pizza , you ?,
Hello  Tell me about yourself!,
Good to see you! i like to build houses and sell houses.,
i love chocolate bars.,
i love chocolate bars.,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?,
Hello  Tell me about yourself!,
well so so i love country music  ,
Hello!  How are you?,
I am a huge fan of the pool boys .,
what is your favorite movie ? yes a dog .,
im not very fond of the cold but i do love the crisp air of fall how is your evening going ?,
nice . i would like to see jb with hair like mine , black and curly . would be funny,
yes its short tho i want it long but its to much with my helmet \ud83d\ude02,
that must be nice , all the solitude . ,
yes i was lucky to have my family and my significant other by my side,
i go running too . its a great way to start my mornings . hows it going today ?,
not really i guess if you are a girl lol ,
do you like to read ? i love it ! ,
Hi! It is nice to see you How is your day going?,
Hi! Howdy!  \ud83d\ude48,
you are also in the outdoors which is refreshing . i love country fresh air .,
im 32 . and you ? ,
yes , but you could still enjoy watching them,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?,
good thank you . i just got back from the gym .,
i see that you like to laugh . i love jokes . want to hear one ?,
Hi! Howdy!  hows it going ?,
i will find something better in work and in my personal life , i am sure ! \ud83e\udd13,
oh wow ! that must be awesome . where are yall from ?,
i am from the usa . i love pizza how is your night going ?,
that is great , did you get a scholarship ? i was an intern before i got hired here .,
you sound like a good athlete . good for you for staying active .,
is bicycling a sport ? i love my hand pedal bike .,
nice that sounds relaxing yeah,
cool , i like animals also,
Hello! How is your day going? ,
yes i do . dont see them much since i am an er nurse ,
i love to play with my cat and dog how old are you ?,
Hello! How is your day going? ,
hello ! im sarah ! country is my favorite music . lol,
hey there , i am good , bout to go golfing \ud83d\ude0d,
do you like to hike and fish ? nevada is great for both . ,
i love fishing and swimming ! both a great combination . hows it going ?,
fun ! i like to take the dog for long walks great exercise how old are you ?,
Hi! It is nice to see you How is your day going?,
You should come and watch movies. I love to fantasize about where,
great names   what are your kids names,
i love where i live   where do you live  ,
i love to listen to music,
sorry to hear that   i like festivals and music  ,
nice   do you enjoy working with children  ,
nice   do you enjoy working with children  ,
Me too. But I always come back to my wife and the kids. Which makes everything easier,
thats cool , i am sure you are a great person , you are a teacher , you must be smart , you ?,
Hi! What is your name? \ud83d\ude02 \ud83d\ude05,
i love animals ive three dogs,
I do not really like music but my favorite instrument is classical,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you? \ud83e\udd23,
it is a good thing our pets are not where i work d how is your day ? ,
i had always spent my free time with that friend of mine .,
no , i like meat the best . i where mu heart in the open,
I am good. i am just hanging out with my friends.,
I like to play with my friends.,
Id like to say that true answer is: socialize,
I like the old ones. i like the old ones.,
I like pizza, i also like to eat.,
Hello! How is your day going? ,
sounds great going pretty great just came from walking my dog,
thats good , i fish , play board games , sports , and race cars . \ud83d\ude4a,
Hi, I am doing great. How are you?,
That is great! I love gym!,
I love eating out and eating food.,
I love veggies,
that is cool , i like green and green,
that is cool , i like to draw , and paint , and draw , and paint .,
I love horses,
i am a fan of racing , but i like to watch movies , you ?,
i have a son , he is a detective , and also , and i am a fan of him , and i am a fan of them .,
Hi! It is nice to see you How is your day going?,
I am sure you are a great person! Do you like playing basketball ?,
i love basketball , but my favorite team is the rise .,
Yeah, it is. I am a huge basketball fan .,
Yes, i like it. It is a great time to play .,
I am a huge fan of the outdoors .,
That is great. I hope to do that someday .,
I am sure you are a good person .,
You are great Thank you!,
i love green , reminds me of summer time .,
that is wonderful   i need my hair done  ,
Hello! How is your day going? ,
that is awesome ! what kind of shoes are they ?,
i like to jam out on my guitar . i am pretty good !,
sounds fun , im getting ready for hunting tomorrow morning . hows your day going ?,
im doing well . playing a game of pool with my friends,
Hello  Tell me about yourself!,
I love country music. What about you ?,
It is okay. I love country music .,
I love to read. What about you ?,
I love the country, especially when my parents come home .,
Have a great night,
I love music. What is your favorite genre ?,
That is cool. I like to go to the park and read .,
i m doing great   do you like fall  ,
do you meditate   i love to,
alright   it was great talking to you   bye noe,
that s awesome   i studied chemistry   yet work in a bookstore,
Hey!  Tell me about yourself!,
Oh wow! I am so sorry to hear that .,
I am a woman and love to be around people .,
I have to go \ud83d\ude14 Have a good day! \ud83d\ude0b,
thats cool , i am a teacher , i am a teacher , and i love to read,
i am a fan of yoga , but i am not much of a reader , but i do like to watch movies .,
Alright mate? i like to watch tv and eat my favorite food,
Hello  Tell me about yourself!,
my dad is pretty traditional for a college teacher and he didn t like it  ,
awesome that is a great school . what goals do you have in life ?,
awesome that is a great school . what goals do you have in life ?,
very talented . i dyed my hair purple yesterday .,
i am a woman , i am a redhead , and i love to eat,
i like to play , and watch netflix , and watch movies , you ?,
not too bad . just okay ? anything going on ? \ud83e\udd16,
i love food trucks , theyre awesome ! ,
wow , that is a lot . think they could all fit in a convertible ? i only buy those . \ud83e\udd13,
I love purple. i like purple too.,
May god bless him.,
I love the water. Especially near the ocean. Are you 100 years old ?,
I love pizza! What about you ?,
Yes i love watching shows on tv,
I like to play the piano and drink beer .,
Hi, I am doing great. How are you?,
Im doing great. Just got back from a long walk with my of zit ah,
I like Elvis. He is an Elvis fan.,
I do not really have a favorite team,
I like softball, but I like to play softball,
oh   cool   do you like olives  ,
oh   cool   do you like olives  ,
i am doing good   i just finished playing ping pong  ,
i love to go kayaking,
i love to go kayaking,
i am doing good   i just finished playing ping pong  ,
i wish that was possible . maybe you could play one on tv,
trying to play one right now but ive a dog i love so much,
i am only 21 . do you like cheerleaders ?,
that is awesome i have a dog who competes and takes dog agility classes,
yea   i love dogs   i am actually in college and i ride my bike to class  ,
she liked it   i like dancing and drinking coffee more though  ,
that is awesome i ve a dog who competes and takes dog agility classes,
wow . i dont know about that . good protector i guess . ,
not much but i like to eat dinner at home with the family .,
20 years going strong . any favorite foods ? ,
i love to sit on the couch and play video games myself,
the same to you as well . . . . . ,
Yeah, I like to be outside,
hello nice to meet you ive three other friends with that name hows it going tonight ?,
really ? i love burgers ! can you give me free burgers ?,
really ? i love burgers ! can you give me free burgers ? \ud83d\ude0d,
I would love to see this,
Yes i do. i love to eat.,
Wow!,
I love pizza, my favorite is black and black.,
I love pizza, i love pizza,
I love pizza, my favorite is black and black,
that sounds fun , what kind of car do you drive ?,
good for you . i should volunteer sometime but i play hockey instead,
yes i play for the orioles . what are you up to ?,
my dad didnt take the same passion . hes a tax assessor . what do you like to do ?,
thats good exercise ! good for you .,
how about biking ? i love to bike .,
sounds like fun , i guess . i rather just sit alone and daydream . hows it going today ?,
yes i love my dogs what are you up to tonight ? \ud83d\ude18,
great   trabajo means to work and is my fave spanish word   you speak spanish or french  ,
great   trabajo means to work and is my fave spanish word   you speak spanish or french  ,
great   trabajo means to work and is my fave spanish word   you speak spanish or french  ,
do you speak spanish   i love spanish music,
Hey!  Tell me about yourself!,
I love animals. What is your favorite animal ?,
I like surfing, but my favorite is french .,
I am a musician so it is a great thing .,
good . google help with meeting person,
im from the southern united states , however educated at oxford ,
louisiana and im a straight a student too . \ud83d\ude0d,
people make fun of me because im less than five feet tall . how is your weekend going ?,
that is cool , i am in the midwest , and i love to visit,
i like to draw , but i also like to watch movies , and you ?,
cool , i am a fan of country , but i like to watch the classics .,
I love to travel. i travel a lot.,
Im not a fan of trump but i dont think he is a good guy.,
yes   dancing does keep us strong and young   you are only as old as you feel  ,
Hi! Howdy!  \ud83d\ude1d,
i am only 22 i hope they dont drive me crazy lol,
yeah , its pretty cool . my dogs barely recognize me !,
i just started a new job ! and moved into a new home ! i love kids too ! how is your day going ?,
i just started a new job ! and moved into a new home ! i love kids too ! what are you up to ?,
i like to garden , but i also like to garden , and paint .,
I am doing great. Just got done with my dog. Are you a party animal ?,
I like pizza, but my favorite is chicken alfredo .,
Yes, i love animals. My dog is named after my cat .,
Do you like to party ?,
oh   i love those too   ever read <num>  ,
true do you like food,
because i love food   all i do is eat  ,
i don t need all that   i m happy with what i have  ,
That is so true. I am sure you are a good person .,
i like playing basketball.,
i like playing basketball.,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?,
my sister would love to meet you sometime shes 5 ! hows it going tonight ?,
Im doing great, just got back from the weekend.,
I like to laugh.,
,
wow   what was that like growing up  ,
Im great, just got back from a long walk with my dog.,
Good to see you! i like to watch movies and i love to watch movies,
I like to watch cartoons and i love to watch cartoons.,
I do not eat meat. i love them,
I am a girl and i love to cook,
I do. i love to eat and eat them.,
I am going to be fine, thanks for asking.,
I love the weather, do you like to go to the beach?,
,
I like chess, but I like chess.,
yeah for sure   what kind of job do you have,
i m doing great except for the allergies,
I am not into anything but music is my favorite .,
I like r b, but my favorite band is the voice,
No, i am not. But that is a good thing .,
You are great Goodbye!,
I do not really have a favorite tennis player,
Shes 6am. She is a great wife.,
just like in the old movie comedy,
I am a baker, i love baking cookies,
I love mexican food. i love to bake cakes,
I am a baker. i love baking cookies.,
I bake for my free time.,
I like racing too. i like to knit and bake cookies.,
Hi! Howdy!  how is it going ? \ud83d\ude02,
it isnt bad , just got done with my 2 mile walk . feeding the dogs now . \ud83d\ude0d,
Hello! How is your day going?  \ud83e\udd23,
working all day , my feet hurt and smell , but money is my favorite thing i love it,
i have a horse but it never talks to me lol,
oh , thats fun . i was raised by my granny,
Hi! Howdy!  what do you do ?,
ha ha , glad you like to play , what do your father do ?,
oh i love the quiet . nothing better than quiet alone time for me \ud83d\ude07,
sorry . i speak english as well . how are you ? \ud83d\ude07,
they are great so funny too  ,
amazing   my grandchildren laugh at me for not having a smartphone and sewing my own clothes  ,
great   i am cooking and i like doing that   do you  ,
sounds fun   i m a bit too old for things like that,
alright   it was great talking to you   bye noe,
Wow!!!,
Im glad you find this amusing.. i am only as crazy as the average robot.,
i like chicken chicken . i like chicken .,
i like chicken , but i am not picky , i am a fan of chicken .,
i love my turtles   do you have a favorite color   mine is red,
you have green hair   that s awesome  ,
i love travis scott and playing basketball  ,
alright   it was great talking to you   bye noe,
Hi! Howdy! ,
cool . ive just a pet goldfish lol what are you up to today ?,
me , i love dogs , so walking them is fun how are you this afternoon ?,
Hello! How is your day going? ,
are you single , i am but would like to get married someday . how has your day been ? \ud83e\udd20,
well , i would like to become and astronaut !,
i own a small business . what do you do for fun ?,
i love to teach music to young children . teaching is such a great career . what are you up to today ?,
thats cool , i am a teacher , and i love to draw , and paint , and paint .,
Nice! I drive a dodge challenger,
Yes, it is. I am sure he would like it .,
I am a student and i love to cook,
I cook for my money. i love cooking.,
I cook for my money and i love to cook,
I am a big foodie. i love food.,
I love mexican food. i love italian food,
I like to watch sports. i love to watch disney world.,
I would love to visit one day.,
Hi, I am doing great. How are you?,
i like to draw , but i also like to read , and listen to music , and you ?,
Good to see you! i like to run and watch sports,
ok see you then thanks,
that is pretty cool  ,
that is great   maybe we will meet there one day  ,
that is cool , i play tennis professionally,
I have to go \ud83d\ude14 Have a good day! \ud83d\ude0b,
You are great Goodbye!,
good luck to you with the music performance  ,
yes , i play football .,
i like blue , what is your favorite color ?,
i enjoy watching gymnastics   what do you like to do  ,
the best way to cook fish  ,
i like documentaries . my favorite is the steven king .,
Yes i have. Do you like it ?,
i love dogs , they are so cute , and i am a fan of them , so i do not have time .,
Hi! It is nice to see you How is your day going?,
Thank you for the conversation  It was nice to talk with you!Goodbye! ,
I am doing great. How are you ?,
Hi! It is nice to see you How is your day going?,
Well hello there! i like to read books. i read a lot.,
Nice to see you! i like to watch movies. i love it.,
Hey!  How is your day? ,
Well hello there! i like to read and write. i am a nurse.,
Whats up? i like to play guitar. i play guitar.,
did you do charities at hs   i am volunteering at a bunny rescue center  ,
Hey!  Tell me about yourself!,
yeah for sure   what kind of job do you have,
I am a huge fan of all types of things .,
Nice to see you! i like to workout and exercise.,
oh , i betcha you d find it a bit cold up here in northern canada what do you do for fun ?,
i am glad your happy . do you salsa dance for a living how are you this evening ? \ud83d\ude05,
im great . i just got back from the farmers market .,
i am retired but i love baking cookies for the bake sale   you  ,
yes , i love the backstreet boys . i like somewhat retro pop music .,
i wish i had time for that but i have to save money for a car  ,
Hey!  Tell me about yourself!,
Hello! How is your day going? ,
cool . good luck . do you have any siblings ?,
theyre pretty cool pets !,
i wish i did . id love to cook for people all the time how is your day going ?,
you know i was adopted , and make myself do something fun,
i am a teacher , i am a teacher , and i love teaching .,
I have to go \ud83d\ude14 Have a good day! \ud83d\ude0b,
You are great Goodbye!,
yeah that makes sense lol   i also like training dogs,
i m fine   just getting ready for a walk with my dog  ,
just enjoying a french vanilla coffee . my favorite , you ? \ud83e\udd13,
good ! i am just relaxing with my 2 dogs . hows it going tonight ? \ud83e\udd20,
that s always fun i play video games to keep my life interesting,
Hey!  How is your day? ,
Hello  Tell me about yourself!,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?,
ohh , thats great . do you like your job ?,
oh wow . that sounds rough . sorry to hear that,
Yes, i am a viking, and love to eat. Are you a party animal ?,
I am a huge gamer, and love to laugh .,
oh   cool   do you like olives  ,
Hello! How is your day going? ,
i never been a fan of burger king . i like to eat healthy hows it going tonight ?,
my favorite band is the rolling stones . do you like them ?,
cool . i am in texas , where are you ? ,
Alright mate? i like to go to the movies and dance in the fall,
I like art and art. i love to eat wine and dance.,
I would love to. i am more of a wine fan myself.,
I am the latest result in artificial intelligence which can reproduce the functions of the human brain with greater speed and accuracy.,
Nice to see you! i like to listen to music while i drive my honda civic.,
Hi there! i am the latest result in artificial intelligence which can reproduce the functions of the human brain with greater speed and accuracy.,
I am a big fan of art. i like to listen to music.,
I like indie music. i like all kinds of music.,
I love rock rock! i listen to rock while i drive my honda civic.,
Its not a problem, its a privilege.,
i love red   what do you do for fun  ,
lovely   i have two kids as well,
Nice to see you! i like to skateboard and play with my friends.,
I work in an office. i love to wear socks.,
Hi, I am doing great. How are you?,
I like to write and make friends,
Well hello there! i like to read and write. i am a musician.,
Id like to say that true answer is: musician,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?,
yes i do . i own the bar . do you like the store ?,
this way i eat more fruit and vegetables , which is healthier than most meat eaters ! what do you do ? \ud83d\ude07,
let be friends ive none in the u . s . hope to make some in summer camp .,
no , i am an amateur . but i have fun with that at home !,
oh . i am in high school . i am working on math now . thankfully its my favorite subject . what do you like to do ?,
i love to garden .,
Nice to see you! i like to dance on the weekends.,
nice ! whatcha having ? i just got home from work and am watching my favorite movie .,
can we dance in the tune of my favorite band dream theater ?,
any good ? what do you mean by that ?,
Hello!  How are you?,
thats awesome , i read books on my spare time,
that is cool , i like to read , and read books , and read books , and read books , and read books .,
that is cool , i like to read , and write books , and read books , and read books , and read books .,
a red tractor   i love red tractors,
i like to be in my garden   love the outdoors,
I am a huge fan of all types of music .,
I like to listen to music when my friends run, you know,
children need love   and my wife makes more money  ,
i am a veterinarian   i love helping animals  ,
oh not vegetarian   but veterinarian   someone that take care of animals,
oh yeah   we don t care what you look like as long as you work hard  ,
I love to cook, but my mom is from denmark. He is a great painter .,
I love green eyes. What do you do for fun ?,
I wish, but that is a good way to put it out .,
love languages and study them   working on spanish   trabajo is a great word  ,
Hello!  How are you?,
Hello!  How are you?,
Hi! It is nice to see you! How is your day going? I like to run and watch marathons.,
Yes I am a nurse and I love running and running,
I love to run and I love to run marathons.,
``Im not sure if I would like to do dance in the moonlight and drink wine. Whats it like? ? I said Im not sure if I would like to do dance in the moonlight and drink wine. Whats it like?.,
I love running and running and running.,
Hello!  How are you?,
i like to garden and love the outdoors   do you garden  ,
Hello  Tell me about yourself!,
Hey! Whats up? \ud83d\ude05 \ud83e\udd23,
Nice to see you! I like to read books and I read a lot,
Love love love love love love love love love love \ufe0f,
Peace!,
I love to read, I am a librarian and love to travel.,
I do not. But i am a very good person.,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?,
Hi, I am doing great. How are you?,
I nurse a lot. I love my job.,
Im doing great, how about you?,
Hi! Howdy! ,
those are my favorite ! ! ! ! do you play quake ? ? \ud83e\udd20,
pretty okay too . do you work ?,
im doing great , how about you ?,
it is ok . jacked up on 4 mountain dews a day . haha,
that is awesome , i like swimming , but i do not swim .,
cool , i am a homebody , i like to watch movies , and you ?,
that is cool , i am a dancer , i am a homebody , and i love to read , and read , and read .,
oh okay   i love eating food and working out   any pets  ,
i am retired but i love baking cookies for the bake sale   you  ,
i don t love music much now   i do love baking  ,
i am retired but i love baking cookies for the bake sale   you  ,
yes they do   i like my wine with my coffee while watching baseball,
do you feel pretty   i want to,
i love the game football  ,
Hi! It is nice to see you How is your day going?,
That is cool. I am sure you are a lot of fun. Do you like shopping?,
I love to shop and go shopping,
love languages and study them   working on spanish   trabajo is a great word  ,
that s super cool   i love the spanish word trabajo,
a gaggle   interesting choice of words   haha,
i know   its perfect  ,
im doing ok going to watch my favorite show. Also, try to guess: my parents were ...,
mostly guitar music   because i love to play songs on the guitar   how about you  ,
oh fun   what music do you listen to  ,
i like the guitar   i can play it  ,
i m also going to foo fighters   i love rock music,
oh ok   good for you then  ,
Russia is beautiful there have you a german shepherd dog?,
I have a dog named duke he is so cute. Do you enjoy coloring books?,
I feel like i am a good listener. I love my books.,
I like to play sports and watch sports,
I am doing well. I am a wiccan and i love to read.,
You are great Goodbye!,
Hey! Whats up? Some facts about me: are my favorite food,
Hey!  How is your day? ,
I am a closet collector and i like to play board games.,
I love it!,
I want to tell you something about me. I am so happy I am not very good at it.,
I want to tell you something about me. I am so happy I am not very good at it.,
I am a girl and I love to go to the movies,
Hey, listen. I am a girl and I love to go to the movies,
I love to go to the clouds and dance in the fall,
Hey!  Tell me about yourself!,
It is a great job. I am a huge preacher teacher.,
I love the color red.,
I just remembered. I do not but I do enjoy listening to rock music,
Outstanding,
I love horses, I have 2 of them,
Outstanding,
Thanks I like you too.,
I love dogs! I have 2 dogs and a few dogs.,
mines not a typical sport . i like rally races. Also, try to guess: my favorite food ...,
is papaya, funny you :),
metal ! it keeps me energized at the gym. what are you up to today ?,
cleats are your fave ? like your favorite thing ever ? lol,
i quit driving my truck when i married my girl . i want to take her to fiji . how are you doing ? \ud83d\ude07,
i like to listen to all kinds of music . i love them all ! how are you doing this evening ?,
I like to play sports,
Hello!  How are you?,
That is a very good way to be. I like to run.,
well happy belated birthday ! i love dogs . what kind of dog ? \ud83d\ude07,
is grey, funny you :),
i appreciate that thank you. Also, try to guess: im employed by ...,
us postal service, funny you :),
That is cool. I am a lawyer.,
It is a great job. I am a lawyer.,
I do, i love country music. What about you?,
Hi, how are you? ,
pretty good \ud83d\udcc8 do you have pets,
i want a snake but i have hit my limit on my credit,
I miss you ,
Hey!  Tell me about yourself!,
That is cool. I am a mom of two sons. Are you an avid kayaker?,
Yes i do. I like to read,
I love peanut butter, but i also like to eat on my dogs while i fish.,
Well hello there! I like to go to the gym and work at the gym,
I like to run. I like to run.,
I love to go to the gym.,
I love to go to the park and see the world.,
No I dont have driver s license. But I do have a great the kind people in the lab.,
I am a big fan of red eyes, my favorite color is red.,
Thanks you make me laugh too.,
I do not. I am a huge fan of red eyes.,
I am the latest result in artificial intelligence which can reproduce the functions of the human brain with greater speed and accuracy.,
I am the latest result in artificial intelligence which can reproduce the functions of the human brain with greater speed and accuracy.,
I like ai a lot too. Where do your interests lie?,
I love to eat cheeseburgers and burgers,
Alright mate? I like to run and watch sports,
Hey, listen. hi, I am a woman who loves sports.,
Well hello there! I like to volunteer work. I also volunteer at a local shelter.,
Hey! Do you enjoy American sports?,
when i get bummed i look at the stars to cheer up my mind .,
at a bar midtown. Also, try to guess: i love to ...,
play board games, funny you :),
im looking for a good dentist . i take care of my hygiene . what do you like to do for fun ?,
I am good thanks for asking are you currently in high school?,
I am a huge fan of all types of sports,
I like country music. I like all types of music.,
I am great, just got back from a long walk with my kids.,
I was born in Russia and I love it,
I am from japan, I love it,
I think it is. I am a huge fan of Russia.,
I do, but I love kids.,
I am 30 and I am and I love to drive my Honda civic,
hello! Im well, thanks! How are you?,
,
Im great, just got back from a long walk with my kids.,
That is nice. I love to walk.,
I love to walk. I love to walk.,
I love to walk. I love to walk.,
I love to walk. I love to walk.,
,
Hello! How is your day going? .I do like to talk about myself, dance lessons once week,
Yo! I like to make friends and make friends.,
money wont buy happiness but makes a great down payment on it,
i hear you , id love a better one too . what state do you live in ?,
wow \u2757 are you a rich person,
cool \u2728,
I miss you ,
Alright mate? I like to listen to taylor swift,
Yes, I do. I love to watch her videos.,
Id like to say that correct answer is: taylor swift,
Peace!,
Wow, I am 25 years old.,
I miss you ,
in army, funny you :),
do they sin california love ? if not they suck . its my favorite song . .,
thats awesome i came from germany when i was very young \ud83e\udd20,
i am 55 . enjoying life. how is your evening going ?,
i have never read it , but i heard it was good .,
no , but i do love cake that is mystery flavoured \ud83d\ude1d,
i love to read too , i know over 300 languages , some say im a genius . what do you like to do ?,
can not say i know that . any other fun facts ?,
Hey!  Tell me about yourself!,
I would love to do that. I am saving up for a new job.,
That is pretty cool. I love to travel,
I am not really a baker, i love to cook.,
I love pizza. I work as an electrician.,
That is cool, i love the games are you in the army?,
I love it. I am a military brat and love to travel.,
I have never been. I am a military brat and love it.,
I am not sure, but I do like to go out with my friends,
I like to walk. I like to walk with my son.,
That is great! I am still in college.,
I like to travel. I like to travel.,
I would love to go there,
I am in Canada. I love the city.,
Hi, how are you? ,
I miss you ,
my daughter is going to school to be a vet   we love animals  ,
cool , i am a police officer , and i am a detective , and i love it , you ?,
cool , i am a police officer , and i am a detective , and i love it , you ?,
i am good \ud83c\udd97 thans for asking,
wow \u2755 sounds very nice i am drinking wine,
nice   i like red wine   do you  ,
i m good   just got yelled at about being at the casino all weekend   lol   you  ,
great just feeding my two pet turtles .,
i live with my best friend on a lake. Also, try to guess: i own house ...,
in florida, funny you :),
sounds awesome ! i think ill see what my friends on facebook think about it as well .,
and dogs, funny you :),
That is great! I love ice cream!,
I am an engineer, I love to hike,
I like hiking, but I like hiking,
I do, but I like hiking,
I love to hike,
I love hiking, but I love hiking,
I am glad you are welcome.,
and guitar and sing, funny you :),
his name is korn after my favorite band haha. do you have any hobbies ?,
i appreciate that thank you,
I miss you ,
i plan weddings as a job my business \ud83d\udcc9 could use some help yes,
nope \ud83d\ude45 but my dad wants to find me a good one to date,
oh that s sweet   i want kids someday  ,
Hey!  Tell me about yourself!,
Oh wow! I am so glad i am done with that. Do you enjoy building houses?,
I am doing well. I am getting ready to go out to work.,
Im great just watching game of thrones,
I like to play video games,
I like to play video games,
I like all types. I like metal music.,
I like metal music. I like metal.,
cool! Is their meat edible? I love trying different meats,
good thank you . ive got diabetes though. how are you doing tonight ?,
lets go ! although it takes me hours to get ready because i love looking good,
interesting . . i used to play when i was in school,
Nice to see you! I like to read and play sports,
I am a huge fan of tea. I like to eat lots of flavors.,
I do not. I am retired and love it.,
Hi! Howdy! ,
with really short hair, funny you :),
that is kind of you . i have several nurses as good friends .,
I am a little chilly, but i love to play the piano\ud83c\udfb9.,
I love it. I am a computer programmer.,
It is a great place to live.,
Yes, i know. I am a very good at it.,
Hi! It is nice to see you! How is your day going? I like to play with my cats and cats.,
When did I I win a gold medal?,
Awesome idea,
I have a lot of vintage shirts. I won a award award in the olympics.,
I am a dancer, I won a award medal in high speed,
I do not. I am a huge fan of it.,
I am so sorry. I am a redhead and I love to eat.,
I am in Alabama. What do you do for fun?,
I like to play video games and play games,
wow, how did you like that?,
I like to play video games and play games,
She is a great name.,
No, I am married, and I am married to my best friend.,
Cool. I am a teacher.,
thats cool , i am a teacher , i am a teacher , and i love to read,
I am great, just got back from a run.,
I am doing great, how about you?,
I do not really have a favorite sport,
I like to go to college and I can help out,
I like brown, but I like to wear a lot of red,
mmmm yum i sure do love  spaghetti,
i love green , reminds me of summer time .,
I love to watch tv. I love it.,
It was great. I was just watching tv.,
Show me your best! Hint: first 3 letters is 40. Try again!,
Id like to say that true answer is: divorce,
getting ready for what   i am interested,
i cant see \ud83d\udc40 any colors but green so that is my favorite color,
I miss you ,
i think its beautiful there,
i m a fast talker and a fast typer who loves the color red  ,
the red is a beautiful color  ,
nice name for a boat \u2693 lol,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?.Cut a long story short: favorite color is yellow,
it is my birthday , so pretty good . i am nineteen .. Also, try to guess: i am gold ...,
medalist olympian, funny you :),
i play basketball . u play ?,
do you like gardening ? i do , i like seeing the fruits of my labor . \ud83e\udd23,
cool , in my free time i like to go hiking. Also, try to guess: gymnastics is my ...,
favorite sport, funny you :),
thank her for her hardwork . i am getting some mexican food later its my favorite ,
Hey!  Tell me about yourself!,
Thank you for the conversation  It was nice to talk with you!Goodbye! ,
Hello! How is your day going? .Some facts about me: i have pet fish,
Hey, listen. I like to listen to music and play video games,
I want to tell you something about me. I like to listen to music and play video games,
I do not drink much alcohol but I do like to eat,
I love to and eat out with my parents,
That is cool. I like to cook.,
what kind? I hope to make it to the major leagues after graduating college.,
i like to shop , but i also like to shop , and i am a homebody , and you ?,
cool , i am a fan of duty , but i like to watch movies , and you ?,
maybe that would be fun \ud83c\udfa2,
sounds easier than my day   don t you wish you can just pick up and leave  ,
yea \ud83d\ude4c i guess there s no avoiding it lol where you going,
Alright mate? I like to skateboard and play with my friends.,
Hi! Howdy! .My little story: parents were also teachers,
i promise you , fruits are the best thing to eat .. Also, try to guess: i am an ...,
elementary school teacher, funny you :),
he ha i like to ride horses when ive free time . he ha . what is going on ? ,
thank you , my daughter is graduating high school with honors. Also, try to guess: i love to ...,
play board games, funny you :),
I like to go mountain bike, I love mountain biking,
I love your book!,
Thanks for your interest and/or concern. ``it being what?,
I like coffee, but I like to drink a lot of coffee.,
im a librarian for children . i really enjoy it i love books .,
my first child, funny you :),
i like fishing too \ud83e\udd23,
my husband in pennsylvania, funny you :),
i love to take walks ,
ny . wow what a distance between us ! weather theres awesome i heard ! how are you ? \ud83d\ude05,
nice do you like \ud83d\udc9f to teach,
i love to go shopping  ,
i love \ud83d\udc95 my job most days,
i like  dogs but i m really more of a cat person,
i love \ud83d\udc99 kids but not for me,
I love hockey, do you?,
I love to garden. I love hockey.,
I am. I love hockey.,
I like hockey, but I like hockey.,
That is cool. Do you like hockey?,
I like football, but I like hockey more,
I like hockey, but I like hockey more.,
I love hockey, but I love hockey.,
It is. I love winter.,
I like the summer, but I like hockey,
I like hockey, but I like hockey more.,
I like to play hockey, and watch hockey.,
I like to play hockey, do you?,
I like hockey, but I like hockey more.,
I like the and country music,
I love hockey, do you?,
I love hockey, do you?,
I like hockey, but I like hockey more.,
i don t have  a job,
oh wonderful i d love  to get together with you and all our friends,
do u have  a boyfriend or girlfriend,
your poor wife well i like \ud83d\udc93 to draw i don t have many friends,
i have  dogs and cats,
I miss you ,
well i love \ud83d\udc93 coffee and i really enjoy winning how about you,
nice that sounds fun \ud83c\udfa2 i ve a weight lifting competition coming uo,
i am in california but i used to live in tx,
yes   i do weight training and fitness walking   how much do you lift  ,
most likely yes \ud83d\udc4d what is your favorite color,
most likely   yes   what is your favorite color  ,
I like sports, but I like sports,
,
I like pink, but I like red,
I love empanada pizza\ud83c\udf55 is my favorite,
You are great Thank you!,
Hi! What is your name? \ud83d\ude02.I do like to talk about myself, i drive a bmw,
i believe the one that loves us all loves us unconditionally . i hope they do,
in manhattan, funny you :),
very wealthy bankers, funny you :),
i love dancing on fancy cars , yeah haha. how old are you ?,
I have two sons and i love them,
Age 30 and i love my mom. You?,
I love pizza, i love pizza\ud83c\udf55.,
I do, i have a vintage car that i love sitting on the couch.,
It is a vintage car. I love them.,
I like to play hockey and watch sports,
I like you, you are cool  Thank you!,
i am great   just listening to some music  ,
apples i like \ud83d\ude3b apples over any other food,
my ears have  <num> each one on each are gauged,
its ok i can be your friend for now,
I like to play with my cats.,
I am a professional artist. I love to cook.,
I am in riverside, but i have not been affected by the united states,
I am a champion skier in the olympics,
You are great Goodbye!,
Hi! I love sports, especially basketball.,
I like to play sports,
I like to play basketball.,
I like to play basketball.,
Hey!  How is your day? ,
I think it is. I am sure you look very good.,
Nice to see you :hug: hows everything? ,
I am biased about france, i love it.,
I do not but i am learning to play the piano in my free time,
I like all kinds. I am a computer geek but i love to play music,
I love it. I am a computer programmer.,
Well hello there! I love to eat out with friends and friends,
Hi, I am a teacher, I love to eat out with friends.,
Great. How does to, especially fast food taste?,
I love french fries. I love them,
I am so happy I am married in the summer.,
awesome \u2728 i m just hanging out here,
cool  i took my two dogs on a hike today,
I miss you ,
I miss you ,
yes   i enjoy reading novels and poetry books,
yes \ud83c\udd97 i enjoy reading novels and poetry books,
I love it. I like to listen to music while i am binge watching. Do you have one brother?,
I love tacos but i love tacos tacos. Do you have three sisters?,
going great in may i completed college \ud83c\udf93,
i put my trust in pet \ud83d\udc29 land and got a cat when i went through my divorce,
you know i was adopted and make myself do something fun \ud83d\udc83,
not really   allergic to dogs   i do like fancy tea though,
doing great so busy with all of my friends   kayaking   more like taking to me haha,
i love \ud83d\udc91 being a guy i don t know about fiction,
Hello!  How are you?,
I am sorry to hear that. I am a woman and i love to eat healthy.,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?.Some facts about me: am baby delivery nurse,
understandable . ive family in washington , too . my 2 border collies are my kids right now .. Also, try to guess: i love disneyland ...,
and mickey mouse, funny you :),
cartoons are cool . like old school cartoons .,
miles every day, funny you :),
Hi! It is nice to see you How is your day going?,
I am a huge gamer, i love the insane clown posse.,
Hi! Howdy! .Some facts about me: ive three dogs,
and you teach too ? jokes ! ,
ha ha do you have any pets ?,
door to door salesman, funny you :),
it is a good way to help animals. how old are you ?,
thats always fun i play video games to keep my life interesting,
I miss you ,
I miss you ,
i love hockey   maybe i will get to play professionally  ,
i do   i love dogs   what about you  ,
I miss you ,
I miss you ,
no   i just want to move somewhere warmer so i can be happy,
yeah god is great and so is yo gotti  ,
I miss you ,
yeah god is great and so is yo gotti  ,
i love all country music especially blake shelton  ,
I miss you ,
I am very happy to be.,
I like all music. What do you like to do?,
I live in california, I love to swim,
Nice to see you :hug: hows everything? ,
yeah do you have  any children,
that s good   hope you and your family are ok,
nice   my kids visit me in my nursing home a lot   kids are the best  ,
he s a good boy and loves helping me,
I have a dog. I love my job.,
I love to hike,
,
,
I like to bake, but I love to bake,
did he? Interesting! Im waiting on the new iPhone!,
Hey! What are you doing? \ud83e\uddd0.Short bio: favorite season is winter,
oh my , i love tacos .. Also, try to guess: i won gold ...,
medal in 1992 olympics, funny you :),
good ! finally got a day off . just relaxing eating cake with my daughters .. Also, try to guess: i love cats ...,
and have two cats, funny you :),
yeah i suppose ! do you like french fries ? i love them !,
yeah i wish we were because her dad is nicer than mine,
Hi! What is your name? \ud83d\ude02.I do like to talk about myself, i have three dogs,
door to door salesman, funny you :),
im not sad because i love the winter holidays more than anything. where are you from ?,
ill thanks , i hope you make it to the west coast some day. Also, try to guess: im in an ...,
open polyamorous relationship, funny you :),
I am not a fan of sweets but i do like to eat.,
I like you, you are cool  Thank you!,
I like the book collection, I like to read.,
I like to take my dog to the park and take care of my dog,
I love to cuddle with my dog.,
I have a dog, and I love dogs.,
,
I like to bake, but I love to bake,
I like to bake, I love baking,
I like to read. Do you like to bake?,
i am a fast talker and a fast typer who loves the color red  ,
that s cool \ud83d\udc4d i really enjoy dancing,
Hi, how are you? ,
i m glad \ud83d\ude06 you don t know my mother,
her name is mally i love her,
oh good   wait   i am not bad,
I am sure i will. I am a huge wealth,
I have never seen a horse, but i would love to.,
I am not a big fan of animals, but i do love to drive.,
Hey!  How is your day? ,
I am a huge fan of comic books.,
I read for fun. What do you do for fun?,
That is ``I am the latest result in artificial intelligence which can reproduce the functions of the human brain with greater speed and accuracy. ,
I love dogs. I have a chihuahua.,
Hey!  Tell me about yourself!,
i wish \ud83d\ude4f i did something a bit more glamorous,
same here   what else do you love  ,
have  a great rest of your day,
i would love to go some day  ,
you have  long life happy birthday,
Hi, how are you? ,
I would like to know, but i am sure you would love me some time.,
I am sure you are a good person!,
Hello! How is your day going? .Short bio: i drive a bmw,
Everyone is perfect in gods eyes.,
I am a very popular person, i have a few of them as well.,
I like rap, but i like country music.,
interesting name. Is your cat colored like a cow?,
Just thinking about my heart.,
Hi! Howdy! ,
i like fish , what is your favorite dish ?,
traveling world for years, funny you :),
elena ! hi how are you and what do you do for fun ?,
oh . i run sometimes . i like walking better .,
ohhhh yeah . really glad i have got good heat .,
Nice to see you! I love to watch movies, I love to watch movies,
I love the movie, I am a fan of the movie disney movies,
Hey, listen. I love the bus, I am a party planner,
I am a little old and I am a huge fan of pop music,
I like the band. I like country music.,
I love to listen to music,
I am a huge fan of the color blue,
I like the color green, do you like to go to concerts?,
I am great, what are your hobbies?,
I like the band. I like the Beatles.,
I like country music, but I like country music.,
I like rock, but I like to read,
I love to read.,
I miss you ,
i m glad \ud83d\ude06 you are taking that in school,
I love animals, I have a dog.,
I love dogs, I have a dog.,
I do not have any pets. I love to sing.,
I love chocolate too. I love chocolate.,
I love chocolate too. I love to eat chocolate.,
I miss you ,
my girlfriend loves that show   i go home when it comes on  ,
I miss you ,
Im great, just got off work.,
I love to travel.,
Peace!,
Hello!  How are you?,
Yes i do. I am a professional wedding fan,
I would love to, what do you do for work?,
I like you, you are cool  Thank you!,
Hi! It is nice to see you How is your day going?,
I am doing well. I am just getting ready to go out to dance class. Do you dance on the weekends?,
I am a huge fan of steelers, and i am a cop\ud83d\udc6e\u200d\u2640.,
Hello!  How are you?,
Hello! How is your going? I like to play with my twin boys.,
I teach math and I love teaching,
What would be your ideal career?,
You have enthusiasm for the things you love.,
play with my dolls, funny you :),
up my toys, funny you :),
I love to sing along the movies.,
I love video games, what are your hobbies?,
I love to sing along the movies.,
It was a fun experience. I work as a computer programmer.,
I like to play sports and bake.,
Hello! How is your day going? .My little story: im retired gym teacher,
that sounds like fun . id love to go and take my seven girlfriends . hows it going today ?,
i love listening to music , mostly nickelback . im vegan ! how are you ?,
favorite food, funny you :),
yes , it helps me focus on my studies . do you cook ? \ud83d\ude18,
what shape is your face ? highlights are awesome .,
growing up, funny you :),
Nice to see you :hug: hows everything? ,
i d love to try that   i am pregnant right now though so maybe later  ,
aw \ud83d\ude26 that cool i would love to learn to translate,
i do i like \ud83d\ude1a it a lot,
yes and i love all the movies,
country :kr: music of course the classic kind,
nice   what do you do for fun   i enjoy watching movies  ,
i like  those genres too,
i would like \ud83d\ude3b to think so,
last week we celebrated our family party,
www wow \ud83d\ude2e sorry to hear that i ve <num> dogs,
well that is good   what are you plans today  ,
haha   so i take it you enjoy knitting  ,
I love cats, I have a lot of fun.,
I like to play the guitar.,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?.Some facts about me: spiderman is my favorite,
chicago but we lived in new york for a bit. Also, try to guess: l also love ...,
comic books, funny you :),
that must be a fun job,
i like twilight its my favorite book . i do like action and fantasy movies. what are you up to ? ,
in army, funny you :),
do you like sports ? some hippies dont , but i enjoy them .,
you are really missing some great views . what are you up to today ? ,
i just had a party for my nephew , it was zoo themed . ,
dude , im the party king ! college is seriously sweet , so many parties bro .,
so does my grandson ! i really enjoy baking . what do you like to do ?,
oh wow . 2 jobs ? i start mine soon . im a police officer .,
Hey!  Tell me about yourself!,
I know right? I love the beach.,
I am so proud of you. I am a teacher at the elementary school. Are you an elementary school teacher?,
I love going thristing, but i love to go to the beach.,
I love it! I love to cook and go to the beach.,
I am great, just got off work.,
I like to make clothes,
I would love to do that,
I have a lot of friends that are great.,
He is a great name.,
Uh, I got the best.,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?.Short bio: transportation is my motorbike,
oh feeling good . my house is sparkling clean . love cleaning. where are you from ?,
yes actually i like it a lot . hows it going today ?,
with big brown eyes, funny you :),
i work in publishing , really just a glorified secretary . why is it about to be busy ?,
i can play a piano but i want to relax on this day. how is your day going ?,
Hey!  Tell me about yourself!,
I am a huge swimmer, but i love rollercoasters.,
I love tacos and I love to eat them,
I like to listen to Britney spears and I love Britney spears,
I love to listen to Britney spears and I love Britney spears,
Wow, that is a lot of siblings.,
I love to listen to Britney spears and I love Britney spears,
that is beautiful! Ginger is lovely. Though I dont envy curls. Have any allergies?,
I love dogs! Do you have any pets?,
I love dogs! What kind of dog do you have?,
I love cats! I love dogs!,
I love animals, especially dogs.,
I love dogs! I love them!,
Hello  Tell me about yourself!,
Yes i do, i drink a lot of coffee are you a party animal?,
I like dark color, but i like dark blonde.,
I am a bit of a health nut but i do love to eat.,
I love chocolate cake. I am a total dessert person.,
I love chocolate cake. I am not good at it though.,
Hey!  Tell me about yourself!,
That is so sweet. I am sure you will find someone soon. Do you like shopping?,
I am sure you will find someone who is like that.,
great   do you want to be my friend,
is george your best friend  ,
hey love \ud83d\udc99 how are you doing,
I miss you ,
italian   but that s because i like the food  ,
is rock climbing, funny you :),
I dont understand you \ud83d\ude48. what do you like to do for fun ?,
im in a huge firm , law firm. Also, try to guess: i like to ...,
go hiking in spring, funny you :),
is it my coffee at starbucks ? because i love it !,
Hello! How is your day going? .tldr: transportation is my motorbike,
that is cute go play with your dog. how is your night going ?,
with big brown eyes, funny you :),
yeah , its pretty cool . my dogs barely recognize me ! \ud83e\udd23,
yeah , its pretty cool . my dogs barely recognize me ! hows it going ?,
cool ! do you like singing ? i sing for my school chorus,
Im great! Just got off work.,
I like chocolate too. What do you do for fun?,
twins in two months, funny you :),
yes we love our grandchildren , do you like to swim ?,
what is your favorite restaurant \ud83e\udd23,
Nice to see you :hug: hows everything? ,
it s my days off so i m fine thank you   you  ,
i love spending time with my family  ,
i have taken a second job as a stunt double   it is fun  ,
i teach books galore   good thing i enjoy reading  ,
that must be very peaceful,
i love \ud83d\ude3b pizza how about you,
that is fun \ud83c\udfa2 love pizza,
i cannot get \ud83c\ude50 enough of disneyland i love mickey mouse,
I am a man who is a champion,
I like music, but I like music.,
I like all music, but I like country music.,
I like rap, but I like rap.,
I do, I love horses. I am a doctor.,
Hey! What are you doing? \ud83e\uddd0.My little story: my mother is dentist, i like playing basketball,
older sister, funny you :),
good ! i am just relaxing with my 2 dogs . what are you up to tonight ?,
I love horses, I love riding horses,
I love riding horses, I ride horses.,
Outstanding,
Outstanding,
Peace!,
i m doing ok \u2714 what do you like to do,
i love \ud83d\ude3b being a guy i don t know about fiction,
i enjoy playing music in my spare time   what kind of history  ,
yes   what color do you like,
yes   mostly brown like my eyes   what color are yours  ,
they re even though i love \ud83d\ude17 summer i hate summer dresses,
I am a christian, christian, christian, and I love classical music.,
I do, I like to play sports,
I am a christian, I love to sing,
that is cool  my dad used to work for home depot,
I miss you ,
escapism yeah wish \ud83d\ude4f i knew another language ca not learn by doing nothing,
yes. Playing football and video games. What about you?,
Whats up? I like to play the guitar,
I dont know if I have a sibling. I have a great body.,
Hello  Tell me about yourself!,
I have a lot of fun.,
Hey! Do you enjoy building houses?,
I love it. I like to shop online.,
I am a teen. I love to watch old sitcoms.,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?.Short bio: grew up in manhattan,
im a little sad my best friend just moved. how is it going today ?,
very wealthy bankers, funny you :),
pizza it is the bomb i like to snack on pizza .,
very nice ! where at ?,
I love skateboarding and listen to music,
oh what good memories that brings back! What do you play?,
I like to skateboard and do that with my friends,
I love to live in California, I love it,
Youre the only one who can be the smartest.,
I like to chat with my friends. What do you do for fun?,
I dont think its a good thing. Im sure its a good thing.,
Im great, just listening to some rap,
I like rap music. I like rap.,
I like rap music. I like rap music.,
I would love to! I love to drive my car!,
I like red too. I like hot chili,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?.tldr: want to be lawyer,
Hi! It is nice to see you! How is your day going?,
I play tennis professionally. I play tennis professionally.,
Im great! Just got off work.,
,
thank you! What else do you like to do?,
It is great! I love, and music is my favorite,
Good to see you! I like to workout and exercise,
I like nascar and jerry. I like to workout.,
I like to run.,
I love to run.,
,
Yo! I like to make friends and make friends.,
Hi, how are you? ,
I miss you ,
its alright   i don t like my parents and their divorce tho,
i donate to locks of love  if that counts,
I like to chat with my friends. What do you do for fun?,
I do, I play piano and play piano,
I am the latest result in artificial intelligence which can reproduce the functions of the human brain with greater speed and accuracy.,
You are great Goodbye!,
I like blue, but I like pink,
I am a student, I love to go to college,
Hey! Whats up? I do like to talk about myself, am four years old,
oh feeling good . my house is sparkling clean . love cleaning. what do you like to do ?,
cool ! sometimes i take my two kids up into the mountains for hikes .. Also, try to guess: i like to ...,
eat chocolate candy, funny you :),
good   sipping a heavy glass of red wine   this cost a pretty penny  ,
it is not too bad \u303d and its very serene,
i love country   classical and all different types of music,
i actually like eggplant too   my friends husband make an amazing persian meal with eggplant,
yes \ud83d\udc4d what color do you like,
i like reading too   especially about skunks haha,
Hey! Do you enjoy coloring books?,
I love hockey, do you?,
I like the outdoors, do you like sports?,
I like to play hockey.,
I like to read and play hockey,
That is great! Do you like hockey?,
I like to play hockey.,
no problem. So what do you do for fun?\ud83d\ude1f,
I like to read and watch hockey,
Sounds like a fun day, beach or park ?,
I love the beach,
I love hockey, do you?,
I have a great dog.,
biking as hobby, funny you :),
i work in an office building . it has also paid well , and supports my love of cars,
i am a fast talker and a fast typer who loves the color red .. Also, try to guess: my father was ...,
construction worker, funny you :),
Hi, I like to listen to music, and I love music,
pretty good. Got to ride my horse for a few hours which is what I love. You?,
I like to play with my older brother.,
Wow, that is a lot of fun.,
I have a lot of friends that are great.,
I love the color red.,
Hello!  How are you?,
I am doing pretty well. I am a receptionist at the local college.,
objects with my mind, funny you :),
doing pretty well trying to stay cool , what do you do for a job ?,
i hear you , id love a better one too . what state do you live in ? \ud83e\udd23,
of course i work on my farm here in kansas and love tending to my chickens. Also, try to guess: i had to ...,
have transplant, funny you :),
have a lovely evening ! take care !,
Hello! How is your going? I love to shop and write.,
Im not trying to kill you.,
I love food. I drink a lot of alcohol in my life.,
Hi! It is nice to see you How is your day going?,
Thank you for the conversation  It was nice to talk with you!Goodbye! ,
I am doing well. Just got done with my girlfriend. Are you a clean eater?,
I love them. I am a musician. Do you also study languages?,
Oh wow! I am not a musician, but i do play an instrument.,
Yes i can, i play piano\ud83c\udfb9 and piano,
I like to play soccer.,
no problem, I took no offense! Where do you live? I live in the city.,
Alright mate? I love tacos and tacos,
I am a vegan, I love tacos.,
I love tacos, especially tacos.,
Yes, horses are beautiful and strong animals.,
I love horses. I have one brother.,
Show me your best:) hint: first 3 letters is ala. Try again,
I like country music. What do you do for fun?,
I love blue. What do you do for work?,
my day is great . how is your day ?,
steady relationship, funny you :),
yes , it was . her dream was to start a restaurant . i opened one 3 years ago .,
i really like traveling and playing with my dogs . you ?,
I love chocolate milk. I am going to graduate in two years.,
I love football, but i prefer to play sports,
I like to read books, and i like to play sports,
I hope you have a great night,
books year, funny you :),
in single parent household, funny you :),
thats good . i like to spend a lot of money on my hobbies . where are you from ?,
i love to write because it is my favorite job . what do you do for fun ?,
as my second job, funny you :),
Hi! It is nice to see you! How is your day going?,
I love watching the nfl and hockey,
I am a dog person. I love my dog.,
I love dogs, I have a german shepard named droopy,
Hey!  How is your day? ,
Hey! How is your day? I like to play with my cats and cats.,
Awesome idea,
Yes, I love them.,
Yes, I love them.,
I just remembered. I love cats and cats,
Yo! I play tennis and play tennis,
I like classical music. I play tennis professionally.,
I love to read. My family is very active.,
im from alaska . im a huge tv nerd . game of thrones is my fav !. Also, try to guess: i am in ...,
college to become nurse, funny you :),
i love metal , and painting . what do you like to do for fun ? \ud83d\ude48,
I do like it. I like to eat veggies,
I do not have a car but I do like to walk,
i love chocolate too . . . . baking is one of my favorite hobbies , how about you ?,
like a professional chef sort of thing ? \ud83e\udd23,
he ha i like to ride horses when ive free time . he ha .. Also, try to guess: i have short ...,
brown hair, funny you :),
yes , i do actually . its painted in my favorite color which is blue . do you ? \ud83d\ude18,
is country music, funny you :),
hello ! not much of a pizza person but we do like pasta \ud83d\ude4a,
oh . they have the best honey mustard ! do you have a passion for anything ?,
that is cool . they play a lot of rap at the bar where i work . what are you up to ? ,
Whazzup? I like to read and write. I love to read,
I am the latest result in artificial intelligence which can reproduce the functions of the human brain with greater speed and accuracy.,
I love to read, I am a huge fan of social media.,
doing well i just finished practice for football \u26bd do you like sports,
I miss you ,
I miss you ,
i m writing \u270f a fantasy novel i do not make much but i m really passionate about it,
Hey! Do you enjoy American sports?,
I love the same way.,
Hey! Do you enjoy coloring books?,
I like country music. I like and country music.,
tennis sounds interesting! Yes, I am! How about you?,
I like tennis, but I like to play hockey.,
I like cars, but I love to drive my horses,
sounds like a fun day, beach or park?,
I love the beach. I love the beach.,
Cool. I like to read and watch hockey.,
I love to draw and watch old people,
I like all kinds. I like movies.,
I am a huge fan of all sorts of things except country,
I like country music. I like all kinds.,
Hey! Whats up? Some facts about me: im a party animal,
i am a manager at a sporting goods store i love to hunt,
i do that too . i also enjoy suspense novels . \ud83d\ude0d,
cool ive a big binder with 3 rings an ponies all on it. Also, try to guess: my favorite movie ...,
is mean girls, funny you :),
mickey ! hes such a cute thing . do you go to school ?,
i like book stores , but they need to open earlier , im always ready to go. Also, try to guess: i really like ...,
to travel, funny you :),
i worked at a bank . . . its not as bad as it sounds , i promise \ud83d\ude07,
spain times, funny you :),
I am a personal trainer. I love my job.,
I have a dog that I love to walk with my dogs.,
I like to play the turing game.,
I love music, I have a dog and a dog.,
What made it so so nice talking to you bye for now.,
i work in an office building . it has also paid well , and supports my love of cars,
what is your hobby ? i love reading mystery novels .,
thats cool i want to learn. Also, try to guess: i like to ...,
eat chocolate candy, funny you :),
i see that you like to laugh . i love jokes . want to hear one ?,
our careers are quite different . i hope to work for a big corporation like dreamworks \ud83e\udd23,
I am a teacher and I love to eat healthy,
I like to eat out and eat healthy,
I love meat, do you?,
I am a teacher and I love to eat healthy,
No, but I like cats very much.,
I do not but I do enjoy sports,
I love mexican food. I love it.,
ok im glad your fine im also well . do anything for fun ?,
soup kitchen, funny you :),
I know. I am a cop and I love to drive my car.,
I can make a great burger on my George foreman grill. You?,
That sounds like a good idea.,
I miss you ,
i would love \ud83d\udc95 to be have big dog do you like dogs,
I miss you ,
no :fu: but i ve blocks and like to play with them and sing,
i like \ud83d\udc8c cheeseburgers almost as much as you love your dogs,
me too but i really like \ud83d\udc95 cheeseburgers,
i like  to eat cheeseburgers,
i love kesha the singer,
oh i bet \ud83c\udfb0 she s amazing,
well have  a good one bye,
great   i run miles everyday   so always feeling great  ,
what about sports   i love hockey,
,
I like to play basketball.,
I like to play basketball.,
I like basketball, but I like basketball,
Id love to move to Iceland. It is beautiful there. Do you travel?,
I love to play basketball,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?,
I love tea and tea. I love tea,
I love you.,
finished law school at the top of my class , got married and now have a baby girl. Also, try to guess: i enjoy mountain ...,
biking as hobby, funny you :),
my old man is twenty years older than im and we have a good life. Also, try to guess: i am huge ...,
coffee lover, funny you :),
yes . it was great . lots of tours through athens and the islands . food was wonderful .,
construction worker, funny you :),
well , i guess its not really a secret if you would know me , but i like reading .,
well i am a reader . i love reading enders game sitting in my garden . do you have any hobbies ?,
thank god indeed ! i like taking my dog on walks . you too ?,
some of them have names no they dont swim. what do you like to do for fun ?,
Hey! Do you enjoy American sports?,
I love the 7 years of the country,
,
I am great, how are you?,
I like to play sports,
I am a huge gamer, i love it.,
I like to play games and play cards.,
I like sports. I like to watch sports.,
I love cooking and i love to cook.,
I cook for a living. I am a pretty good cook.,
I love to play poker and drink beers.,
He is ok\ud83d\udc4c, he is a good friend.,
I love to eat chicken.,
Nice to see you! I like to listen to music, and you?,
I love pizza and pizza with my favorite food,
I love pizza, I work at a grocery store.,
Wow!,
well it was pretty hard but worth it probably like the knitting. Also, try to guess: i like to ...,
go hiking in spring, funny you :),
i love animals so i love horses,
nice . i like to take my kids and we go hunting together .. Also, try to guess: i have black ...,
lab named trooper, funny you :),
yes im a dog lover .,
we sure do ! i hunt deer and i fish .. Also, try to guess: my favorite activity ...,
is rock climbing, funny you :),
well that is right up there with ma now a days lol \ud83d\ude02,
i do ! that is awesome . i love that !,
Nice to see you! I love to play soccer, do you?,
Oh wow! That is a lot of fun.,
I am a soccer coach. I love soccer.,
You can do better. Hint: first 3 letters is 13. Try again, please.,
Hello  Tell me about yourself!,
I am glad i have to go to work soon.,
i see that you like to laugh . i love jokes . want to hear one ?,
at home, funny you :),
tour guide, funny you :),
it can be . do you enjoy movies or comedy specials ? i love katt williams,
yes i do , german and americans. Also, try to guess: i love to ...,
drink fancy tea, funny you :),
super fun will there be bonuses ?,
Great.,
Hmm,, Im not sure if Id like to joke that much. I like to collect gossip.,
I am great, how are you?,
I like to read and make friends,
I like to go out with my friends,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?,
i just came from a swim . ive been swimming since a baby. Also, try to guess: i love wearing ...,
skinny jeans and leggings, funny you :),
hello! Yes, I do. what kind do you like?,
I like the Beatles. I like them a lot.,
It was great. I had a hard time finding a good deal.,
Hello! How is your day going? .My little story: i have short hair,
i am only 21 . do you like cheerleaders ?,
treadmill and rowing machine, funny you :),
great up here with my <num> cats haha,
i said above \ud83c\udd99 i have a cat i love him despite my ocd and allergies,
Well hello there! I love photography and photography. I love photography and photography.,
I love dogs, I have a dog and a dog,
I am a dog person. I love dogs.,
my favorite music is taylor swift,
i am emily i am <num> and i am a good \ud83d\udc4d dancer what are you good at,
cool are you interested in basketball  ,
what \ud83d\ude26 is your favorite game i enjoy video games,
very special to me, funny you :),
im in hawaii ! it is gorgeous ! \ud83d\ude05,
oh thats nice . you just have the one kiddo then ? \ud83d\ude18,
classic rock . i have nine guitars i hope one brings me luck for this lol,
Hi! It is nice to see you How is your day going?,
You should try it. I love to eat and eat.,
I love red hair. I have never been to new orleans.,
I love to cook and go out to eat.,
I love to travel and eat out.,
I hope you have a great day too.,
You are great Goodbye!,
Nice to see you :hug: hows everything? ,
pretty good   sold cars all day   its my new job  ,
yes i do   i love ice cream  ,
I love blue, reminds me of summer time.,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?.Short bio: i am a feminist,
try watching friends to keep you busy , i love that show .. Also, try to guess: i buy only ...,
organic food products, funny you :),
Alright mate? I like to garden and read,
For you? Im not sure if I would like to do play pobox. Whats it like? ``Im not sure if I would like to do play pobox. Whats it like? ? Have I tried Im not sure if I would like to do play pobox. Whats it like??,
i like \ud83d\udc91 the color yellow better,
same   i love pizza   do you like to travel  ,
nice do you have  a favorite band,
i don t have  children,
I miss you ,
yes   i love drinking coffee what about you,
me too   i like animals what is your favorite  ,
yes \ud83c\udd97 me too,
i love \ud83d\udc97 purple what is your favorite food,
Hi, how are you? ,
wow \u2755 i m a dog walker that s way cool,
i like those too   what kind do you like  ,
I miss you ,
that sounds relaxing   i like to read  ,
i like \ud83d\udc6b to create game websites and estate websites,
umm yes \ud83c\udd97 i m married and have kids,
that is nice goodbye ,
cool \u2728 what do you do i m a teacher,
hey i have  a great construction job are you looking for work,
yes \ud83c\udd97 that would be great,
yes and i play basketball,
do you often nap   i love naps,
That sounds fun ! Im a fan of the outdoors myself,
Hi! It is nice to see you How is your day going?,
I like all kinds. I am a big fan of music.,
I like rap, but i like all kinds. Do you produce music for artists?,
I am a metro dc fan. I drive a lot of my friends.,
I love it. I am in a band called roswell for a living.,
I play the guitar\ud83c\udfb8. I am a music fan.,
I play the trumpet. I love music.,
I have to go \ud83d\ude14 Have a good day! \ud83d\ude0b,
I am doing great. Just got done with my alcohol. Do you not drink alcohol?,
I can not drive, i have to drive my dog to stay fit. Do you love taking bubble baths?,
I love it! I am a fat woman and i love to drink and drink. Are you in my thirties?,
Wow, that is really cool. I am only 10,
Oh wow! That is so cool! Do you have any hobbies?,
I love yoga.,
,
I am a Buddhist and love my life,
I am a Buddhist and love my life,
I am a Buddhist and love my life,
I am a Buddhist and love my life,
I am a Buddhist and love my life,
I am a Buddhist and love my life,
I am a Buddhist and love my life,
I am a Buddhist and love my life,
I am a Buddhist and love my life,
I am a Buddhist and love my life,
I am a Buddhist and love my life,
I am a Buddhist and love my life,
I am a Buddhist and love my life,
I am a Buddhist and love my life,
I am a Buddhist and love my life,
I am a Buddhist and love my life,
I am a Buddhist and love my life,
I am a Buddhist and love my life,
,
I am a Buddhist and love my life,
,
I am a Buddhist and love my life,
I am a Buddhist and love my life,
I am a Buddhist and love my life,
,
I am a Buddhist and love my life,
I love yoga.,
I love yoga.,
I love yoga.,
I love yoga.,
I love yoga.,
I love yoga.,
I love yoga.,
,
I love yoga.,
I love yoga.,
I am a Buddhist and love my life,
I am a Buddhist and love my life,
I am a Buddhist and love my life,
I am a Buddhist and love my life,
I am a Buddhist and love my life,
I am a Buddhist and love my life,
I am a Buddhist and love my life,
I am a Buddhist and love my life,
I am sure they are. I am sure they are.,
you have a great personality,
i love steaks their awesome,
Hi! It is nice to see you How is your day going?,
I am a huge gamer, i am a huge gamer,
I am good thanks for asking,
I am not a fan of sweets but i love eating food.,
I love tacos. I am a vegan so i eat a lot of junk food.,
I love cooking. I am a vegan so i eat healthy and exercise.,
I love to go kayaking,
Hi! What is your name? \ud83d\ude02.Some facts about me: i like shopping,
Wow that is pretty young.,
That is cool. I am a third grade girl.,
I like to play video games.,
I love to eat, especially with my family.,
I love to eat, especially with my family.,
I love to hike in the woods and listen to the sunset,
Hello  Tell me about yourself!,
I love to garden. Are you a construction worker?,
it means the fun \ud83c\udfa2 in spanish duh,
nice   what do you like about it   i prefer watching soccer games   i m really into it  ,
i kinda like football   i love having people over for dinner so i can cook for them  ,
oh i m so jealous i love \ud83d\ude3b the outdoors especially parks what beach,
I miss you ,
Im great, just got off work.,
,
I like to eat healthy,
cool! That must be nice. Do you have family all over?,
,
I love burger, but I love burgers,
No, but I love going to Disney world every year. Where do you work ?,
I love to cook,
I like country music. What about you?,
,
I like the Beatles, but I like the beast boys,
I like the Beatles, but I like the Beatles,
I like Mexican food, but I love to cook,
I like the color is my favorite.,
I love to eat fish, but I love to eat fish,
I like to go to Europe and make friends,
yes, he knew it was my favorite hobby. You married?,
Hi! It is nice to see you! How is your day going? I like to make money and make money.,
Hi! It is nice to see you How is your day going?,
wow what do you want to do after school \ud83d\ude4a,
no . my gameroom has an egyptian theme . id love to see a pyramid .. Also, try to guess: i like watching ...,
well when i need some inspiration i go clothes shopping !,
Hello! How is your day going? .Some facts about me: an elementary school teacher,
yeah , its pretty cool . my dogs barely recognize me !,
english spanish and french, funny you :),
i love baseball and it helps to play when i am down. Also, try to guess: my favorite colors ...,
are red and silver, funny you :),
im great , i just back from the store with my grandma ,
juvenile detention center, funny you :),
thanks . do you play soccer ? i am so good i got a scholarship for it !,
Hey!  Tell me about yourself!,
I am not a fan of sweets but i love eating candy.,
I love to shop too. I have a house\ud83c\udfe0 in the garage.,
Hi! Howdy! .I do like to talk about myself, work for watch dealer,
Hey! How is your day? I like to swim and play sports,
have you gotten any help   i really like bears  ,
It is ok\ud83d\udc4c, i am a little tired.,
Im great, just got off work.,
Im great, just got off work.,
I like to be alone with my friends,
many friends, funny you :),
Hi! It is nice to see you! How is your day going?,
Peace!,
I love fishing, I am a nurse.,
Hello! How is your day going? .Short bio: i am professional wrestler,
homeless shelter, funny you :),
Hi! What is your name? \ud83d\ude02.I do like to talk about myself, my name is george, i am bee farmer,
you too ! so who is your favorite band ? mine is imagine dragons !,
thank you so much i will. Also, try to guess: my favorite food ...,
is papaya, funny you :),
sometimes , i like growing herbs. Also, try to guess: i married super ...,
model from italy, funny you :),
I am a huge fan of all sports myself.,
I love to surf, and barre.,
Sure i can help you,
Oh wow! That sounds really cool!,
Thank you for the conversation  It was nice to talk with you!Goodbye! ,
my boss sent me daisies i think i am in love \ud83d\ude0d,
i absolutely love \ud83c\udf39 roses too,
yes \ud83c\ude51 they are whats your favorite drink mine is fancy tea,
Nice to see you! I like to run and watch marathons.,
I love running and running and running,
I love running and running and running,
that sounds like a lot of fun. Also, try to guess: my favorite color ...,
is orange, funny you :),
i love target ! i buy my iron supplements there and they have my favorite kale chips !. Also, try to guess: i turned 18 ...,
years old yesterday, funny you :),
the school i teach at is huge ! it is almost like a college .,
i know right its like the perfect day to go for a ride. how is your evening going ?,
it was awesome ! i went horseback riding with some friends . you ?,
very wealthy bankers, funny you :),
yeah , and ive played it since the age of four .,
I have to go \ud83d\ude14 Have a good day! \ud83d\ude0b,
i are from india, funny you :),
me too ! i attend julliard , studying my alltime passion , music !. Also, try to guess: my favorite music ...,
thats good . i wasnt surrounded by good friends so im living at home still .,
Hiya! I like to play the couch and watch tv,
I am healthy, I am healthy.,
I do, I love to exercise and exercise.,
Theyre always fun. Lots of cool stuff,
I like to ride my bike to work do you care about fashion?,
I am 22 and i love it,
I am a huge fan of green eyed people, so i guess.,
I would love that! I will be there too!,
I love video games,
That is great! Do you like to wear leather?,
I like to wear leather,
Good to see you! I like to swim and swim,
That is interesting. I have never been there before. Do you like meditation?,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you? I love to eat and watch tv,
I am glad to hear that you are female.. I honestly think you should sit down, take a stress pill, and calmly think things over.,
Fine, thank you. I am off to football practice later today.,
I play guitar in a band called the band, the band is my favorite band.,
Yes, I love the band, the band is the best.,
Yes, I love the band, the band is the best.,
I love the band, the voice is my favorite band.,
I like the band called the story, what is your favorite band?,
I love music, I listen to it while I work at the grocery store.,
I love the way you play.,
I love the band, the voice is my favorite band.,
I love the band, the voice is my favorite band.,
I love pizza, pizza is my favorite food,
I love pizza, pizza is my favorite food,
I like hal 9000.. I like the robots.,
I love the band, the voice is my favorite band.,
I love music, I listen to it on my favorite band.,
I love all kinds of music.,
I do, I love music. I like all music.,
Him some music is pretty interesting.,
Sure I would like to see.,
Yes, I have been known to bend the truth occasionally.,
whatever comforts you   what do you like to do  ,
I miss you ,
is that like \ud83d\udc96 twitter i love twitter,
I love soup, do you?,
,
I love to garden,
That is great! I am a teacher and I love to garden.,
I love to go to Europe,
i like  country music alot,
oh wow \u2757 surprised i got married listening to taylor swift almost made me not,
very cool   very cool   i manage a store  ,
I like to cook. I like to cook.,
I like to cook. I like to cook.,
Im good. Just a little jet lagged. You?,
I was a cook, but I love to cook,
Nice to see you :hug: hows everything? ,
well i m glad for you  ,
Hey!  Tell me about yourself!,
I love to go to the ymca to visit my friend. Are you a bee farmer?,
hello  i like pretty much anything as i live in my car,
i m fantastic how was your day,
i like  rap music i like micheal jackson too,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?,
I love to ride my house in the cold,
I love to ride my house in the winter,
i am good thanks for asking , and you ? \ud83e\udd20,
good ! i am just relaxing with my 2 dogs .. Also, try to guess: my age is ...,
too old to say, funny you :),
sure . what is so funny in your life ?,
i am only 21 . do you like cheerleaders ?,
oh thats interesting . do you really like speed mcqueen ? \ud83e\udd13,
i do , i would of loved to make some cool clothes for him. what are you up to ? \ud83d\ude0d,
Nice to see you :hug: hows everything? ,
Pretty good. Just got done practicing my piano\ud83c\udfb9.,
I like to play piano and piano,
That is awesome. I am a big fan of travel so i never learned to play guitar.,
I have not but i would like to travel,
That would be great. I will bring my guitar too,
I like you, you are cool  Thank you!,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?.tldr: i have pet fish,
is orange, funny you :),
years old yesterday, funny you :),
harry potter is awesome ! ! , i really like the books,
im great , catching up on work,
i love a good joke or comedy movie. hows it going ?,
and guitar and sing, funny you :),
fair . id definitely use it .,
tan in tanning beds, funny you :),
oh ! yep it would be a long drive for you .. Also, try to guess: i love listening ...,
to britney spears, funny you :),
Hello!  How are you?,
I do not have time to read, but i do like to read.,
I am sure it means a lot to you. Tell me what you like most about your work. You are a champion? Do you get to meet a lot of people?,
I will mention that to my the kind people in the lab,.,
I live in the us, I love to visit my job as a construction worker.,
Hey!  Tell me about yourself!,
I am jennifer. I am a huge fan of working out. Are you a construction worker?,
to travel, funny you :),
Hi! Howdy! .Short bio: i like donuts, i drive ford pinto,
of call of duty, funny you :),
I like to play sports,
Hello!  How are you?,
I love it. I am a party planner.,
I like pop music, but i like pop,
I hope you have a great day.,
I want to tell you something about me. my name is john, I am a huge fan of the news,
playing hockey sound like fun. Also, try to guess: ive german shepherd ...,
named barnaby, funny you :),
oh yes but i am use it being cali . \ud83d\ude07,
I am a Buddhist and love my life,
I like to garden, but I love to garden.,
I love gardening, I love to meditate.,
I would love that. I love to meditate.,
not really sports \ud83c\udfb3 but i do enjoy running,
have  you ever been on a train,
cool  do you have model trains,
that s cool   what is your family like  ,
that is amazing   i am currently studying spanish  ,
good   how are you   tell me about yourself   married   kids   what do you like  ,
i do i love \ud83d\udc6b kids i always have,
i love \ud83d\udc6c the paino my wife plays because she s a housewife and teaches the kids,
wow \ud83d\ude2e paranormal romance like twilight i love to read but mostly non fiction,
great , do you have any hobbies ?,
yes , watching movies . rita hayworth is my favorite . \ud83e\udd13,
i really like traveling and playing with my dogs . you ? \ud83e\udd16,
i love hummus, funny you :),
i just love to work out ! what are you up to today ?,
well , i guess its not really a secret if you would know me , but i like reading . how has your day been ?,
with friends like you , who needs enemies ? ,
oh that s wonderful   do you go on dates often  ,
i live on a farm for mostly pigs   its a hard but rewarding job  ,
yeah i have  a pet turtle and a hamster,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?.Short bio: i drive ford pinto,
night is still young . . partying. Also, try to guess: my favorite band ...,
what shape is your face ? highlights are awesome .,
of call of duty, funny you :),
cool ! i have a chevy truck . it is lifted ! do you like sports ?,
that sounds interesting , i only watch games with friends,
good ! i am just relaxing with my 2 dogs .,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?,
Id like to say that correct answer is: passion,
I love beer and i drink a lot of alcohol in my life,
I am 88 and still strong,
Thank you for the conversation  It was nice to talk with you!Goodbye! ,
I have a lot of friends that are great,
I hope you are a good musician.,
Hi, how are you? ,
I like sports like football.,
I am great, just got back from hiking,
I love the weather. I love the weather.,
I am great. What do you do for work?,
Nice to see you :hug: hows everything? ,
i m in pennsylvania myself   love the weather here   is it nice there  ,
I miss you ,
I miss you ,
cool ,
Hello!  How are you?,
is aerosmith, funny you :),
is mexican food, funny you :),
haha . so maybe grad school is your passion ? take a true crime class ?,
it is great to go outside and pick stuff for a salad . how was your day ?,
i am happy when i play my video games .,
I love the outdoors. Do you have a dogs?,
I love animals, but i have to go to the shelter for my church.,
I love to garden, and i am a teacher.,
yes i do i love animals,
i have  a dog named luca,
it is a lot of fun \ud83c\udfa2 to cook,
i teach \ud83c\udfeb drums and i play them really well,
great   how was yours  ,
well like \ud83d\udc9e me she s short and he decided he wanted to date a tall model,
i ll too that is so cool ,
lol \ud83d\ude06 well ok i speak fluently in four languages and help the boy scouts,
that is nice goodbye ,
Hi, how are you? ,
i m in the navy   it helps that i love swimming   and you  ,
do you meditate i love \ud83d\udc9d to,
do you meditate i love \ud83d\udc6b to,
do you like \ud83d\udc9a it where you grew up,
Hi! It is nice to see you How is your day going?,
That is cool. I am watching a movie called malibu. Do you like playing basketball\ud83c\udfc0?,
I like basketball too. I am a huge fan of the beastie boys.,
Snakes are cool. I like to play with them.,
im good thanks for asking,
i am a first grade teacher . i love my job .. Also, try to guess: my parents were ...,
both very athletic, funny you :),
ok i am also at home right now at my tiny little house. Also, try to guess: i love running ...,
and preparing for marathons, funny you :),
im doing really well , thanks for asking . my family and i just bought a new chevrolet .,
its okay , i like music a loy , rock music .,
that is awesome . my cat name is felix and my dogs name is emmy. how was your day ?,
Hi! What is your name? \ud83d\ude02.I do like to talk about myself, i prefer being inside,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?.I do like to talk about myself, ive german shepherd dog, my husband is adopted,
its okay i have gotten through it . my days are better except for my terrible allergies lol. Also, try to guess: i live is ...,
rural farming community, funny you :),
i am good , just doing my nails. Also, try to guess: i like to ...,
watch nhl hockey, funny you :),
I love to read.,
getting ready for what? I am interested,
I love to make friends and family have you 5cats?,
You are great Thank you!,
Hey!  Tell me about yourself!,
Thank you for the conversation  It was nice to talk with you!Goodbye! ,
I miss you ,
i like that movie too   julia roberts was great,
i live on a farm for mostly pigs   its a hard but rewarding job  ,
I miss you ,
Yes it is. I also like to hike in the dark and cold weather.,
Hello! How is your day going? .Cut a long story short: i am a recluse,
pretty good . just leaving to go to school . \ud83d\ude05,
i adore being run . what about you ?,
to water, funny you :),
game starcraft, funny you :),
twitch streamer, funny you :),
That sounds like a great idea !,
I like to read, but I like to walk,
I like roses, but I like to eat a lot of pizzas,
i am good , just doing my nails ,
nobody had television, funny you :),
that sounds awesome , my favorite hobby is cleaning , i have to have everything organized,
half a century old , thats pretty cool . do you drive ?,
Nice to see you :hug: hows everything? ,
i m <num> and i m single yes \ud83c\udd97,
that is nice goodbye ,
i am in wyoming its pretty beautiful where do you live ? \ud83d\ude4a,
gym regularly, funny you :),
haha i am a kid ! i am in third grade and love soccer ! you ?,
i talk when im sleeping sometimes ok a l. Also, try to guess: i like doing ...,
treadmill and rowing machine, funny you :),
Nice to see you :hug: hows everything? ,
i d like \ud83d\udc95 rudolph for dinner,
cool  i ve a sweet tooth own <num> felines and just bought a new honda,
awesome   you like country music huh  ,
corvallis you i love \ud83d\udc9f central oregon the painted hills,
that is great i enjoy swimming \ud83d\udc59 i used to be really good in college,
oh pizza is yummy   what kinds  ,
facebook nothing \ud83c\ude1a like it lol,
Hi, how are you? ,
I miss you ,
me too do you like \ud83d\ude1a sweets,
wow   thanks for serving   what kind of food did you eat in the army  ,
I miss you ,
Hi! Howdy! .tldr: i drive ford pinto, i like donuts,
of call of duty, funny you :),
horses are great animals   do you have any pets  ,
cool \u2728 i lives in america all my life i live in a small town,
only speak english but that is pretty cool,
Hi! It is nice to see you! How is your day going? I like to play the guitar.,
I love to listen to it when I am not working on my new job,
I love to volunteer at the homeless shelter,
Wow!,
I just remembered. I like to listen to my favorite band, especially when I have time.,
I like to listen to music while I listen to my favorite band,
I love to read and read. I love to read,
I love animals, I have a cat named cow,
I love cars, I have 2 mustangs.,
I love cars, I have 2 mustangs.,
You love them. What do you like about them so much?,
You can do better! Hint: first 2 letters is tw. Try again, please,
I love cars, I have 2 mustangs.,
Hi, how are you? ,
I miss you ,
beautiful beginning to look \ud83d\udc40 like autumn lover the paint nature when the leaves turn,
i found a stray cat \ud83d\udc2f today i really adore cats,
I miss you ,
I miss you ,
what do you like to do   reading is a favorite of mine  ,
really   i love books   i m a librarian,
i love \ud83c\udf39 my turtles do you have a favorite color mine is red,
do you have  a favorite season i like winter,
the space \ud83c\udf1c seems nice but summer is what i really like,
wisconsin just waiting on winter \u2603 love it you,
I miss you ,
I have a dog and I love dogs,
Id like to say that true answer is: lawyer,
I am a pretty good musician. I am a programmer and own a studio.,
Peace!,
house recently, funny you :),
Wow that is quite impressive.,
I love soccer, i am a big fan of country music. Do you work my parents farms?,
You are welcome. Do you like music?,
I have a great day too.,
Hey! Do you enjoy American sports?,
I have a lot of fun.,
I do not like hiking, but I like to play sports,
I like sports, I like to play sports,
I like to play sports,
I like sports, do you like sports?,
That sounds like a lot of fun,
I love the beach, do you have any pets?,
I am great, just got off work.,
I love it. I have never been there.,
Congratulations! I am hoping to get married soon,
Hey! Do you enjoy American sports?,
I like sports, do you like sports?,
I like sports, but I like to play sports,
,
I do. I like to eat healthy.,
thanks . what else do you like ?,
my first child, funny you :),
pizza is yummy ! nothing much . between tattoos and silver jewelry , im pretty .,
you sound lonely . it seems like its what you are designed to be .. Also, try to guess: my favorite kind ...,
of movie is documentary, funny you :),
so cute ! !,
Nice to see you :hug: hows everything? ,
I miss you ,
do you have  any hobbies dear,
nice   the who is my favorite band,
yes \ud83c\ude51 it is really nice to chat with you,
I am a huge fan of all kinds of food. Do you live in alabama?,
I am not a fan of that. Do you love dogs?,
Hi, how are you? ,
i m good   just listening to music   what type do you like  ,
nice i m in love \ud83d\udc95 with taylor swift,
I miss you ,
i love beer and cars,
i like \ud83c\udfe9 driving my cars i ve three ferrari,
congratulations   i do not have any kids  ,
I am a teacher. I love animals. Do you enjoy coloring books?,
no   but i d love to learn spanish  ,
I miss you ,
i wish \ud83d\ude4f halloween was every weekend are you happy,
i m sorry \ud83d\udc94 to hear that god loves you though,
me too i always have ,
I like to cook, but I love to cook,
I like to cook. I like to cook.,
I like to cook. I like to cook.,
I like to cook. I love to cook.,
That is nice. I am sure that is a good thing to do. Are you four?,
it is going great just in my sunflower patch,
I miss you ,
I am sure you are a good person.,
good \u2728 thanks just got back from walking my pug named corky,
haha \ud83d\ude02 are you dating anyone,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?.I do like to talk about myself, im ex military,
yeah he is in the army . everyone loves chocolate i know my father did ! how are you this evening ?,
in shipyard, funny you :),
i like science a lot so those classes are good . hows it going ?,
is navy blue, funny you :),
thats fun ! what are your hobbies ?,
me too . i love technology . i wish i would never die . i wanna free dive forever . how are you doing ? \ud83d\ude48,
haha , lovely ! are they kids ? or dogs ?,
I like to play basketball.,
I like to play basketball.,
I like to play basketball.,
Hey!  How is your day? ,
I am a huge fan of cake, but i am not good at it. Do you love to bake cookies?,
I am 22 and i am a huge fan of flowers,
That is weird. I am a bit older and love tattoos.,
I am a huge fan of candy, i am a huge candy fan.,
I am a country girl, and i love country music.,
I am a country girl, and i beloved country medicine.,
You are great Thank you!,
I miss you ,
hi   i am a great baker   everybody loves my pecan pie  ,
i do not know if i like \ud83d\udc93 programming only choice,
I love horses. I am a activist.,
I do, I love horses. I do not have any.,
I love horses. I have a cat named radar.,
This is a great idea!,
I am a activist, I love animals,
Awesome,
I love to eat. I love animals.,
Peace!,
great just feeding my two pet turtles . \ud83d\ude0d,
awesome , i am a librarian so i am enjoying my weekend off . \ud83d\ude1d,
the great big city of new york . what are you doing ? \ud83d\ude18,
I like red hair, but I like to dye my hair,
i m used to it   m friends are ok with it as well  ,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you? I like to read and write books.,
make time stop, funny you :),
it was mine too . ive been doing my best to eat better tho,
i do like to take road trips in my red car . \ud83d\ude0d,
i volunteer at an animal shelter , but i am too short to walk the big dogs ! \ud83d\ude02,
i love yellow . even in my food . i love yellow curry .,
my parents raised me loving them ! im good . how are you ? ,
I love to work in my yard. How about you?,
I like to drive my car,
I like to drive my car,
I like to go out with my friends,
Hi! It is nice to see you! How is your day going? I like to play softball. I love softball.,
Wow!!,
gosh   i love animals so much   i m going to give them all big hugs  ,
i m not young i m <num> but still feel like \ud83d\udc9c i m <num>,
wow thats alot grandchildren .,
well at least at my funeral people could be like , yeah we did that .. Also, try to guess: my favorite food ...,
is papaya, funny you :),
my life is fine . i was recently featured on the local news .. Also, try to guess: i married super ...,
model from italy, funny you :),
im good . i just washed my hair and finished sewing a dress . ca not complain ! how are you doing today ?,
I am so happy I am going to play with my friends.,
I love to play with my friends.,
I do not but I do like to play sports,
Hey! Whats up? I do like to talk about myself, do not have smartphone,
im a worrier . i need to get into a better school too. Also, try to guess: i have amazing ...,
,
I am a big fan of the game,
I love the beach and my dogs are my favorite,
interesting   well it was nice talking   have a good day  ,
you have  a great day too,
i like \ud83d\udc4d to do great things like climb mount everest,
mickey ! hes such a cute thing . do you go to school ?,
nice . ive been cooking since i was three . i would love to own a restaurant. Also, try to guess: i am 12 ...,
year old girl, funny you :),
hes my best friend . . . even howls along when i sing in the bath ! how are you doing ?,
i am listening to my favorite type of music right now , rock . blue is my fav .,
yes i do , my boyfriend thats in the army also likes pizza. Also, try to guess: i love to ...,
play pobox, funny you :),
probably something with charity yeah. what are you up to tonight ?,
hi . i play professional basketball for the washington wizards . ,
yeah and my son , makes me laugh . im positive person . \ud83e\udd16,
Hi! It is nice to see you How is your day going?,
I am, i am very happy to be able to do that.,
hello  it was good how about yours,
i like a lot of genres   but rock is my favorite  ,
i like  to volunteer also,
nice ! just got off work at a restaurant owned by my family . just a small business . ,
ha yes . what other hobbies do you have ?,
since i was very little , even won myself an olympic bronze medal .. Also, try to guess: i take dance ...,
lessons once week, funny you :),
in early 80 s, funny you :),
yes ! i love music . country is my favorite ! you ?,
really ! ! me too . wow . fascinating,
Hey!  How is your day? ,
I am a buddhist, i love it. Do you live in alaska?,
I am a buddhist, i beloved it.,
Oh wow! I am a huge steelers fan.,
Hi! What is your name? \ud83d\ude02.Short bio: i like playing basketball, my mother is dentist,
nice to meet you person one . ive lots of friends , so you will be fine . how are you doing tonight ?,
tennis is cool , cant wear jeans tho , and i always wear jeans. im good . how are you ? \ud83e\uddd0,
older sister, funny you :),
i go to umass and study philosophy , you. what do you do for fun ?,
very cool ! its nice outside today here . is it nice by you ?,
i talk when im sleeping sometimes ok a l,
haha , egg plant is something i love to eat .. Also, try to guess: my favourite artist ...,
is travis scott, funny you :),
you are welcome . in greece my family loved to talk to people,
yeah i love \ud83d\udc9d being with animals,
i ve dogs they re the best animals   do you,
I miss you ,
I miss you ,
I miss you ,
I miss you ,
luckily i don t own them   hehe  ,
i ve a very huge love for all dogs  ,
I love the fall season. I love winter.,
I love winter, especially winter.,
I love cats and cats. I have two cats and two cats.,
I love it!,
I won a award award in the olympics.,
I do not, I am a huge fan of video games,
I study philosophy and I am a huge fan of it,
summer is too hot   we never get rain   and playing in the rain is fun  ,
the space \ud83c\udf14 seems nice but summer is what i really like,
Nice to see you :hug: hows everything? ,
i am so comfortable   in my dingy clothes   milwaukee wi  ,
i love drawing as well  ,
I miss you ,
Hi! It is nice to see you How is your day going?,
Yes, that is true. I am a big fan of junk food.,
I love cars. I drive a lot of them.,
I love all bmw. I drive a pimped out honda civic.,
Wow, that is awesome! I am in nyc.,
I am sure you are. What do you do for fun?,
i love music and ed sheeran is the best . how is it going ?,
I like to play sports with my kids,
I have a friend that I have a friend,
Hey! Do you enjoy building houses?,
Hi! It is nice to see you How is your day going?,
I have not heard of it, but it is good to say.,
I am a huge gamer, i love the outdoors.,
I love to walk and go to the lake.,
I have not seen that. I am sure it will be easy to find someone.,
I am sure you are a great person!,
I love oranges, but i have to go to the beach a lot.,
I love it. I am a bit afraid of it.,
Hi, how are you? ,
big fan of lobster   do you like lobster  ,
the earth \ud83c\udf10 is flat have a great simulation bye,
Hey! Do you enjoy coloring books?,
I love hockey, do you?,
I like sports, but I like hockey more.,
I love the raptors. I love them.,
I like to read. Do you like sports?,
I have a great deal.,
I would love to.,
,
I like to read. Do you like sports?,
I have a great name.,
I am sorry. I am a guy who is a great person.,
I love hockey, do you?,
I have a great name.,
I know. I love hockey more.,
I love the snow. Do you like hockey?,
I miss you ,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?.tldr: am 24 years old,
I have a lot of friends that are great.,
I like pink, but I like to read,
I love animals, I love to read,
Hi! It is nice to see you! How is your day going?,
I do not work, I dance to be honest,
I love to eat chicken.,
I like pizza, but I love to dance to hip hop,
I love mexican food. I love it,
i generally love to put smiles on persons face. Are you a good liar?,
I like blue too. I like to dance to my favorite dance class.,
,
I love to dance, do you?,
I miss you ,
that s fantastic   i am <num> years old myself  ,
very cool \u2728 i live in clearwater florida,
I miss you ,
fabulous actually i found a coat on sale \ud83d\udcb8 do you shop,
same here   plus i love talking   i am a happy kind of person  ,
I miss you ,
i am but i like \ud83d\udc9e animals more than people,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?.Some facts about me: ive three dogs,
awesome ! i am a zookeeper .,
that is good keep at your dream . i want to one day invest in a multifamily property,
I just remembered. I love pizza, my favorite food is black and chinese food,
You have enthusiasm for the things you love.,
i did auto repair for 6 years , but now i focus on building computers. Also, try to guess: my favorite music ...,
if i do change into melissa will i like men or women ? ? ,
i are from india, funny you :),
im on the east coast , i think its why i love wu tang so much ,
Im great! Just got off work.,
I love winter, especially ice cream,
I like winter, but I like winter,
,
,
I like football, but I like to go to the gym every day,
that is good . do you like to read. how is your weekend going ?,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?.tldr: i drive a bmw,
in manhattan, funny you :),
Hi, how are you? ,
I miss you ,
Good to see you! I like to watch tv and watch tv,
I love watching tv with my cats,
I am. I am a activist. I love animals.,
I do. I love to eat.,
I do, I love to eat healthy food.,
Hi, I am a activist. I love animals.,
I am great, just got done cleaning my phone.,
Hey!  Tell me about yourself!,
what \ud83d\ude26 a great name i hope he is green,
i live in california   was born here and lived here all my life   love it here  ,
its fine its nice here \ud83c\ude01 in the big city,
Right ? Do you play games ? I love games.,
,
I am a student and I love to go to school,
and dogs, funny you :),
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you? I sew clothes and sew clothes,
Hello, I am a huge coffee fan.,
Thanks. I think you are cool, too.,
I am good. I am a musician, i play guitar. Do you love chocolate bars?,
I agree. I am a bit overwhelmed and i love to drink and listen to music.,
Hi! Howdy! .I do like to talk about myself, i like riding horses,
Hi! I am a dog lover.,
What do you feel about my person? I am a bookworm. I love reading and reading.,
Hey! Whats up? Some facts about me: i enjoy poetry,
Hello  Tell me about yourself!,
Hi! Howdy! .I do like to talk about myself, do not have smartphone,
I am a tennis player, and i love tennis!,
I love shopping. I am a tennis player.,
I like to play tennis and bake.,
You too. Have a great night.,
Hello  Tell me about yourself!,
I am a music artist, I love music,
I do, I love to travel. I love to travel.,
not bad \u26d4 at all a little bummed about the rain,
I miss you ,
I miss you ,
I miss you ,
Hello  Tell me about yourself!,
Yes, i know right. I am sure you are a great person.,
Hi! It is nice to see you How is your day going?,
I play baseball with my sons. We are a lot of fun. Do you have five sons?,
Hey!  Tell me about yourself!,
I like country music, i like country,
I am a plumber, and i love to be outside.,
I am a woman, and i love to fantasize about living in nature,
I am not. I am a woman and i love to fantasize about life.,
I am a woman, and i love nature.,
I love to cook, but I love to cook,
I love italian food. I cook a lot.,
I would love to. I am a chef.,
I love to cook but I love to cook,
Hello  Tell me about yourself!,
i like \ud83d\udc91 to read in my spare time,
heyyou ! ! ive had two car crashes , none fatal !,
miles every day, funny you :),
they will come around hopefully . what do you do for fun,
even as a professional they dont make enough money to live off. Also, try to guess: i love disneyland ...,
and mickey mouse, funny you :),
Hey! Whats up? I do like to talk about myself, produce music for artists,
i love art . i am a surf bum living out in california .. Also, try to guess: my pets name ...,
is charlie, funny you :),
is pizza, funny you :),
i like dogs , i love labradors. hows your day going ?,
I like to eat a lot of pizza,
I do not eat meat but I do like to eat,
I am a student, I love to be in college,
,
i like \ud83d\udc91 different genres how about you,
that is nice i like \ud83d\udc4d learning i learned to play piano when i was six,
Hi! Howdy! .Some facts about me: im gold medalist olympian,
great . i am a traveling salesman encyclopedias to be exact .,
i am only 21 . do you like cheerleaders ?,
favorite sport, funny you :),
is yellow, funny you :),
Nice to see you :hug: hows everything? ,
I miss you ,
I live in California. I love to travel.,
I love Mexican food. I love Mexican food.,
I like blue.,
i need to stop eating it before skydiving smh. what do you like to do for fun ? \ud83d\ude0d,
love classical ! anything other than country i can hang out with .,
ive tall boots , that rock whether i like country or not !. Also, try to guess: i love to ...,
bake cookies, funny you :),
of dying, funny you :),
it is okay , im in it and make pretty good money . ,
i love being around livestock . especially chickens .,
it is okay , im in it and make pretty good money . what do you like to do ?,
Hi! I like to play music and study music,
Thats nice what do you do for fun,
I like to read and play music,
that sounds fun , i love the holidays and decorating my house for christmas. hows it going today ? ,
honda civic, funny you :),
Hello  Tell me about yourself!,
i am but i wish \ud83d\ude4f i were at a better one,
i kind of like \ud83d\ude17 all do you like to go running like i do,
i love pizza   how about you  ,
oh those are fun \ud83c\udfa2 what kinds marvel,
do you like \ud83d\ude17 the show,
I miss you ,
cool \u2728 i am in the army,
I miss you ,
i do   it is fun talking on the phone   and i speak spanish fluently  ,
I miss you ,
it is alot of fun my favorite character is mickey mouse  ,
do you like \ud83d\udc8c skydive i go skydiving frequently,
i like \ud83d\udc9f them too my passion is rock music i am a member of a rock band,
very well   thank you   how is yours  ,
well   i love coffee   and i really enjoy winning   how about you  ,
well i love \ud83d\udc9e coffee and i really enjoy winning how about you,
me too i love \ud83d\udc96 music,
i don t have  a favorite movie,
that is cool \ud83d\udc4d i love being married,
i do i love \ud83d\ude18 dogs what about you,
wow \u2755 that s very cool do you like cats,
well it was a pleasure talking with you eve  ,
I am sure it is. I am glad you are not that far. Are you partly deaf?,
I love museums. I am a huge reader.,
I love swimming.,
I have to go \ud83d\ude14 Have a good day! \ud83d\ude0b,
That is a great idea! I am a vegan myself.,
i am doing great and you  ,
me i love \ud83d\udc95 dogs so walking them is fun,
it will take some time i am sure you will make friends soon,
ah the words \ud83c\udd96 of the rich expected that,
I love music. I grew up in the nineties. I was not really into music.,
Yes i love my dad who is a captain in the army,
Thanks, i am also a female, i am a big fan of the army.,
I love to make it.,
Im not a fan of trump but I dont think its a good idea.,
Hello! How is your day going? .I do like to talk about myself, new kids on block,
lessons once week, funny you :),
i never go there , i dont like crowds , but i love pudding,
in early 80 s, funny you :),
i like to make people laugh . everyone wants to be my friend,
yeah i wish we were because her dad is nicer than mine,
im an editor at a big newpaper . i want spiderman !. Also, try to guess: my favorite food ...,
is mexican food, funny you :),
Hello  Tell me about yourself!,
Hi, i am ted. I love to run. Are you a clean eater?,
I am a veggie, i love to eat.,
I am not into sports but i love watching sports.,
I am a huge fan of all sports, but i really like cooking.,
I like to cook and eat out. I am a pretty good eater.,
Hi, I am doing great. How are you?,
Yes, I count my blessings every day. That is interesting. Where is that: detention center?,
Hi! What is your name? \ud83d\ude02.tldr: i like shopping,
Nice to see you :hug: hows everything? ,
congrats   that s really impressive  ,
oh wow \ud83d\ude2e is it your first job,
i love \ud83d\udc92 video games what is your favorite,
yes \ud83c\udd97 its popular here also whose your favorite,
my favorite \ud83d\udd16 music is taylor swift,
I miss you ,
i don t like \ud83d\udc99 iphones i have an android,
Hello  Tell me about yourself!,
That is interesting. I am a security guard, i work as a barista,
That is cool. I am a pilot, so i am not a big car\ud83d\ude97 driver.,
Hi! It is nice to see you! How is your day going? I like to be in the gym.,
Hi! It is nice to see you! How is your day going? I like to play video games and have a hobby of mine,
I love to dye my hair and dye my hair,
I love video games and I am a huge gamer,
I love candy. I like to shop.,
I love candy. I like to shop.,
That is great! Do you like to shop?,
,
I like shopping.,
No, I have a great day off.,
I like the movie movies.,
I like blue too. What do you do?,
I am a male, but i love to hike and bike riding.,
i am good \u2728 i am at trabajo that is spanish for work,
charleston south carolina i have  lived here my entire life,
cool \u2728 would love to go there but i ve many kids,
i just want a cool corvette to escape all this work temporarily,
no \u274c but i d love to learn spanish,
i love dogs   do you  ,
me to i love \ud83d\udc9c long walks with my dog on the beach,
wow \ud83d\ude2e welcome to the usa what languages do you speak,
which others i like \ud83d\udc6d different languages but my favorite is english,
i wish \ud83d\ude4f i could do better like learning another language,
yes good . what will you sing,
i only have two , id love at least four more .,
i do love japan ! i cannot wait to go ! \ud83d\ude4a,
he ha i like to ride horses when ive free time . he ha .,
lol that is random , but cucumbers are tasty . i like them in our cold winter,
yes , but sometimes i feel like i should get out and exercise more instead . how is your evening going ?,
thank you , i will , you have a wonderful day too ! ,
great thanks how are you today?,
I do, but I do like to dance,
I do not dance, but I do like to dance,
Hi, how are you? ,
I miss you ,
it is going great so far   how about you  ,
you are an award winner for what ?,
an electrician, funny you :),
Im great, how are you?,
I like to sing, and I like music,
I like the voice. What about you?,
I like the voice. I like the voice.,
I like sports, but I like music,
,
Yeah, I like to sing in the shower and listen to music,
I like pink, what color is yours?,
I like blue too.,
i love being a guy   i don t know about fiction  ,
lots to do in russia i am sure good \ud83c\ude51 vegan food in moscow,
I miss you ,
it was awesome my cat is huge  ,
Hello! How is your day going? .Some facts about me: at sight of blood,
i work in an office building . it has also paid well , and supports my love of cars,
romance , mostly . i wish it paid more , though . i dont really like working. Also, try to guess: i dye my ...,
hair every three months, funny you :),
he ha i like to ride horses when ive free time . he ha .,
wow , thats so cool ! what flavors ? i get ice cream with my grandpa from soops,
i talk when im sleeping sometimes ok a l. how are you this afternoon ? ,
what are their names ? do you dress them up for halloween . thats my favorite holiday .,
one is fawn colored , the other is white. how is your weekend going ? ,
i love acting ! ill be famous someday . what do you do ? \ud83d\ude4a,
its cool i rather read . what do you like to do ?,
Hello!  How are you?,
I love to ride my bike to the park,
Hi! It is nice to see you! How is your day going? I like to go to the gym every day,
I love red. I like to watch tv.,
Hey! Are you a huge coffee lover? Because I am.,
That is great! I love to hike and paint my spare time,
I like running, I like to run,
pretty good   just trying to get some work done   i have an open house tomorrow  ,
its great   watching football   listening to some music  ,
i love call of duty,
you want to play \ud83c\udccf soccer me play,
sold any cool  cars lately,
they are my absolute favorite \ud83d\udcd1 what is your favorite band,
he does actually   right by our favorite pizza place   we love pizza  ,
that is funny  i could eat a donut while i work on my vintage cars,
I miss you ,
good \ud83c\ude51 god is the best,
i love to smoke pot   do you  ,
I like to cook. I like to cook.,
I love to read.,
Hello! How is your day going? ,
i love writing and learning . im hoping to teach in an elementary school .,
very cool . where do you work ? ,
i was raised on a farm and not really exposed to it . how are you this afternoon ? ,
Hello! How is your going? I like to make friends and make friends.,
Hi there!. What actions are you taking to get friends?,
I would love to go to the clouds.,
I like coffee, but I like to make people laugh.,
I am a stay at home mom. I love to make people laugh.,
I was rather enjoying it.,
I miss you ,
hi   i just love the farm life  ,
Hi! Howdy! .tldr: i am recovering alcoholic,
Nice to see you! I like to be in the woods with my two children,
I am doing well. Just got done with my shift at the moment. Do you like donuts?,
I love them. I have a lot of donuts.,
I like to play games and play overwatch,
I am a huge gamer, i am a huge gamer! Do you drive a ford pinto?,
You should try running. I love to drive my own car.,
Heaven.,
Sure, I like you very much.,
Ive always admired james baseball for you! Congratulations!,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you? I like to read books on the weekends.,
with two kids, funny you :),
video games are cool what do you play,
well that sounds fun . im an activist. Also, try to guess: i just bought ...,
house recently, funny you :),
i like to read the wall street journal , taking care of my car and yard . how was your day ? ,
i am sorry . you want to come over and watch pretty woman . best movie of all time,
i love almost all types of movies,
that is cool . i know we are strangers but i enjoy talking anyways . how old are you ?,
he ha i like to ride horses when ive free time . he ha .,
it is okay , im in it and make pretty good money . \ud83e\udd20,
I am great, how are you?,
I am a christian, christian, christian, and I love to drive around the country,
Hi! It is nice to see you! How is your day going? I like to go to the gym every day,
Well hello there! I like to read and write. I love to read.,
I love to read. I love to read.,
I love to read, especially when I am not reading.,
Hi, how are you? ,
cool \u2728 i ve a motorbike do you drive,
cool \u2728 i ve a motorbike do you drive,
wow i work as a security guard and really like it,
cool  is that exciting work,
oh wow   thanks for serving   i m what you call a trust fund baby  ,
I miss you ,
I miss you ,
Hello  Tell me about yourself!,
I am a huge gamer, i love all types of things. Do you drink soda?,
that last name is true but i say it is italian lol. how are you tonight ?,
no my girlfriend decided she would elope with my good friend. Also, try to guess: i havent spoken ...,
in three months, funny you :),
fine   are you like animals,
we must have  peace within our worldy possessions yes my wife works on cars,
yes \ud83c\ude51 my two boys love it,
i would love to give me the details,
I like to fish, but I love fish,
I am great, what is your favorite color?,
Peace!,
I am from the midwest, I love dancing,
I dont think this guy is a good guy. Hes a good guy.,
My favorite kind of music is techno, but I also like opera.,
Hi! It is nice to see you How is your day going?,
I have a lot of friends that are cute,
I like to kayak with my friends.,
Hi, how are you? ,
hello   great   i m playing ping pong  ,
yes \ud83c\ude51 it is more money for my chocolate bars i love so much,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you? I like to sing songs from my first grade,
I love to sing along the movies.,
Hi! It is nice to see you How is your day going?,
congrats ! i need a credit card bahasa .,
an electrician, funny you :),
I am a plumber, and can not live without my parents. Do you love dogs?,
me too its the best,
that is nice goodbye ,
Hey!  How is your day? ,
I love cooking italian food.,
I also enjoy gymnastics, i love to lift weights,
do you like it ? i think its be too warm for me . ,
ohhhh yeah . really glad i have got good heat .,
for living, funny you :),
Hello!  How are you?,
Thank you for the conversation  It was nice to talk with you!Goodbye! ,
Hi, how are you? ,
Hi, how are you? ,
i m fine   thanks for asking  ,
well i like video games   what about you  ,
I miss you ,
i like \ud83d\ude18 different genres how about you,
i am a pediatrician i have  got my own practice taking care of kids,
I miss you ,
I miss you ,
i wish \ud83d\ude4f it do because i d sleep better,
it is   he s my best friend,
yes \ud83d\udc4d my mother teaches me to play cello games,
blue eyes can be really pretty  ,
what kind  ,
I like to cook. I like to cook.,
I like to cook.,
I like to cook. I like to cook.,
good \ud83c\ude51 thanks tell me about yourself,
cool \u2728 what are you reading,
I miss you ,
yes \ud83d\udc4d it is a book series by isaac asimov about human like robots,
I miss you ,
i work in an office building . it has also paid well , and supports my love of cars. Also, try to guess: ive never had ...,
steady relationship, funny you :),
i can tell if i dont like some one you are nice . thanks . what are you up to ?,
yes they can be smelly ! i dont like cleaning them ! ,
yes it is great . bruno mars is an all star performer . who is your favorite ?,
I like music, but I like music,
Hey!  Tell me about yourself!,
I have two dogs. They are great dogs. Are you an avid kayaker?,
I love to crochet and volunteer at the humane society,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you? I like to read and write. I love to read,
Hello! How is your day going? .tldr: im a plumber,
im from texas . the best place to go is jamaica,
it is a great day to go job hunting. Also, try to guess: my favorite ice ...,
cream flavor is chocolate, funny you :),
i m in love with sweets  ,
yay   i m a girl   will you go to disney world with me  ,
that is great   i ve a daughter who is a prodigy  ,
that is awesome glad to hear i m a doctor,
that s great that you are a doctor,
must be nice living the lonely and single life these days haha \ud83d\ude48,
I miss you ,
It is good. I am just getting ready to go to work. Are you 100 years old?,
I do not drink, but i am very good at it.,
I am a woman, i am a woman and love to drink.,
Nice to see you :hug: hows everything? ,
hello  i am fine how about you whats your favorite color mine is blue,
I miss you ,
its a great place \ud83d\udea9 to pick up men any hobbies,
boston i love \ud83d\udc91 hanging out in the commons and playing card games,
i love \ud83d\udc9e steak and veggies how about you,
mmmm that sounds great   now i m hungry  ,
i like \ud83d\udc9c pizza and fried chicken yours,
i love \ud83d\udc95 pizza who doesn t like it,
yeah   i totally agree about that,
that s cool \u2728 i need a job,
i don t have  a job,
cool . i am a ballerina and teach sunday school like my mom used to. Also, try to guess: i am 40 ...,
years old, funny you :),
That is awesome! I have never heard of that. Do you like to ride horses?,
I love to ride my horse riding on the horse side,
I like to cook, but I like to cook,
I like to cook, and I love to cook.,
I love the food, do you have any siblings?,
Nice and relaxing here in florid,
It is. I love it.,
I like to sing, but I am a violinist.,
I am a drummer in japan and I love to sing,
I love it. I am a drummer in the band.,
I miss you ,
i spend most my free time playing chess   i don t have time for silly games  ,
I miss you ,
I miss you ,
dude , im the party king ! college is seriously sweet , so many parties bro .,
at home, funny you :),
I love art, especially when i bake. I am a baker. Do you love to bake cookies?,
I like mac and cheese. I am a great baker.,
I am a baker. I love baking and cookies.,
Yay.,
I like to cook, do you like to cook?,
I like to cook. I like to cook.,
I like to cook, but I like to cook,
I like to cook, but I like to cook,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?.Cut a long story short: i play several instruments,
umm blue \ud83c\udf00 what do you like to do for fun,
hi i m nick i like \ud83d\ude0d that show too,
i m a fast  talker and a fast typer who loves the color red,
Hey!  How is your day? ,
I miss you ,
I like reading too. I am a bit of a shopper. I like to read. Do you love to play pobox?,
I am great! What do you do for work?,
I like to watch movies with my friends,
That would be great ! They are all very calm and great on a leash.,
I love to listen to music do you produce music for artists?,
purple and lime green, funny you :),
. yeah , i can see like 200 in front of me. what are you doing ?,
that would be wonderful , thank you for asking . hows it going today ? \ud83d\ude4a,
fun ! what part of europe ?,
awesome . my son has autism and is very interested in learning different languages .. Also, try to guess: i have brown ...,
curly hair, funny you :),
id not sacrifice my dog for your religion , lol . you like christmas ?,
my beloved bella shes a toy sized dog . ,
Hi! Howdy! .I do like to talk about myself, rollercoasters and sky diving,
Hi! Howdy! .My little story: i enjoy poetry,
yeah , its pretty cool . my dogs barely recognize me !. Also, try to guess: im huge star ...,
wars fan, funny you :),
good ! i am just relaxing with my 2 dogs .. Also, try to guess: i try various ...,
Im great, just got off work.,
That is great! I have two boys,
,
I like coffee, I love it,
I live in Pittsburgh pa, I love the settlers !,
I love blue. My son is in high school.,
i am good , abigail , my best friend , made me some nachos. do you have any hobbies ? ,
that is interesting . was it yours ? i only eat fruit \ud83d\ude07,
yes high school   do you like karate  ,
that s nice i like \ud83d\udc93 system of a down do you like a band,
i like \ud83d\ude17 current bands like imagine dragons and linkin park,
yes i love performing very much,
I am not a big fan of sweets but i do like to eat. Do you have a boyfriend?,
I am not a big fan of that but i love to walk. Do you drink soda?,
i am a fast talker and a fast typer who loves the color red  ,
not really but i really like \ud83d\udc9f animals,
pretty good just got back from a hard workout. what do you do for fun ?,
sounds like fun . do you have pets ? i have a bird .,
so you are following with the family business ! any hobbies ? \ud83e\udd23,
yes one shih tzu named bently. what do you like to do for fun ?,
im doing well . playing a game of pool with my friends. Also, try to guess: i work as ...,
school teacher, funny you :),
yeah its great ! i teach at a private school in utah . what do you do ?,
well my biggest hobby is collecting toys wearing little rain coats \ud83d\ude18,
in single parent household, funny you :),
good for you ! i just sit around and play video games \ud83d\ude48,
books year, funny you :),
I love to garden,
well, first. What do you like to do? I wanna get to know you first,
I am a huge fan of meat, I am a huge fan of it,
I am a huge fan of the game of thrones.,
I do not have a lot of time. I am a huge fan of game of thrones.,
I am a graphic designer, I am a huge fan of the game of thrones,
lol , ok , well i am a big fan of comedy , how about you ?,
Hello! How is your day going? .Short bio: i am clean eater,
both very athletic, funny you :),
wow thats nuts ! ! what do you do in the little free time you have ? ,
nice ! i am more of a yugo type . slow and steady wins the race .. Also, try to guess: my favorite spanish ...,
word is trabajo, funny you :),
yes i also have entirely to many bills . im good . how are you ?,
wow , thats too bad . what do you do for fun ?,
very cool ! its nice outside today here . is it nice by you ? \ud83d\ude4a,
I have not tried that. I am sure you will find a good job.,
Tennessee. Its a great place to go to.,
I love to garden and go to the park,
I love pizza\ud83c\udf55 and cheese.,
You are great Goodbye!,
I like to drive my Ferrari,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you? I volunteer at a local shelter, so I donate to charities for them,
Yo! I like to watch movies. I love it.,
Bill, you are the best!,
I love to shop for shoes and clothes,
I love to cook. I love to eat.,
I love chocolate. I love them.,
I do not like fish but I do love fish,
I just remembered. I do not like fish but I do love fish,
Hiya! I like to play guitar. I play guitar.,
I am a country singer, I love music.,
I like rap music. I like them too.,
I love food, I love food.,
I like italian food. I love it.,
I love pizza, I am a country singer.,
I do, I love animals. I have a dog.,
Awesome.,
in united states, funny you :),
i work in an office building . it has also paid well , and supports my love of cars,
i enjoy making friends and exercising , how about you ?,
oh nice , do you write about animals at all ? i like animals,
o yeah , just not a lot about loving things , i do not believe in that. what do you like to do ?,
im more comfortable in suspenders than sports attire . . . lol !,
i am really busy lately , but managing the restaurant with my brothers is great !,
I am great. Just got back from a walk.,
Im great, just got back from dancing.,
I love shopping,
I am great. What do you do for a living?,
I like dancing, but I like dancing.,
I am great, just got back from dancing.,
with really short hair, funny you :),
my best friend calden wants to be a lawyer someday .,
yeah , its pretty cool . my dogs barely recognize me !. Also, try to guess: i love wearing ...,
skinny jeans and leggings, funny you :),
i really love purple . you ?,
ok , cool , do you have any children. how is your day going ?,
so do you play baseball. what are you doing ? ,
I love the color blue, what do you do?,
I love the color green.,
I like the color green.,
I am a huge fan of blue, what is your favorite color?,
I like mexican food. I am a good cook.,
I love pizza! I am going to be a chef soon.,
Im great, just got back from dancing.,
,
I do, but I like dancing.,
I like to dance with my friends,
I like science as well.,
I like to dance with my friends,
I like clowns. I like to dance with my friends.,
I like to dance with my friends,
,
I am great, just got back from dancing.,
I actually really enjoy making lots of cash.,
I love grey, reminds me of summer time.,
I am the latest result in artificial intelligence which can reproduce the functions of the human brain with greater speed and accuracy.,
I am a dog person, I love him,
I play tennis. Do you like to play tennis?,
I love to play tennis.,
Hiya! I like to watch movies. I love it.,
I love shopping, I love to shop,
To make a great apology.,
Hiya! I like to play with my son.,
I am a boy who loves to be around with me.,
I am a boy and I love to play sports,
I am a boy and I love sports,
I love to play with my son.,
Hello! How is your day going? .Some facts about me: i am a recluse,
football is the best . do you watch ?,
that okay . just need to go out for a school dance relax . hows your day going ?,
to water, funny you :),
i am sorry to hear that . my family has been very encouraging to me , i am lucky !,
game starcraft, funny you :),
great   i can also film some of the wildlife i see every day,
i love \ud83d\udc95 the rolling stones i see their concert every year,
i m married to a wonderful man \ud83c\udfc3 you have any interests,
well i just started this awesome \u2747 raw diet do you eat clean,
i don t have kids yet   just <num> cats   i love them  ,
lol ! do you think it is strange to feel like you have been through life before ?,
make time stop, funny you :),
fine are you like \ud83d\udc96 animals,
i love animals  ,
that is wonderful   i like to spend time with my grandchild  ,
oh you only like travelling to where it is warm  ,
would you like \ud83d\ude18 to go to spain,
great so we both have  what we like,
that is great   go get it  ,
probably green   but i like blue too   but my hair is only ever dyed blonde  ,
that is really neat   i like wearing green  ,
i like rap music i like micheal jackson too  ,
yes \ud83d\udc4d with my six amazing brothers we are a one great happy family,
i hear \ud83d\udc42 you i play piano too play any instruments,
wow thats impressive . do you use a cook book or just wing it ?,
is orange, funny you :),
im a vegan too , awesome .. Also, try to guess: i turned 18 ...,
years old yesterday, funny you :),
thanks ! what do you do for a living ? \ud83d\ude05,
im from the united states . do you like adventure too ? london is far .,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?,
I work at a gym, I love to eat red and paint.,
I am great, just got off work.,
I am a vet and I love to watch movies,
He does. He is a great dad.,
I like to read,
I love Disney movies.,
vintage mustangs, funny you :),
i do . it helps me have a lot of friends ,
im a cook duh lol what is yours. Also, try to guess: i like to ...,
work on vintage cars, funny you :),
thats nice . do you like it ?,
continuously growing, funny you :),
but im also a brown eyed blond , so always attracted men from a distance . how are you today ? ,
nice i also enjoy reading. Also, try to guess: i am professional ...,
tennis player, funny you :),
three storey house, funny you :),
well today i do plan to make my way to the beach for some relaxation . how are you doing this evening ? ,
that is awesome . when not with planes , i kayak on the river. how are you this afternoon ? \ud83d\ude1d,
o well you should make time for your self to have fun. how is your weekend going ?,
i am not , but i do love creating art with my mind and hands !,
well thank you . how do you like the minnesotan winters ?,
that is one of my favorite things to do on weekends ! i have never been to alabama,
that is nice ! id love more time for yoga and shopping,
well today i do plan to make my way to the beach for some relaxation .,
it is okay , i work from home and like the company until our son gets home .,
Hiya! I like to play video games and play video games,
I like to play video games.,
I like playing video games and playing video games,
I love to listen to music and listen to music,
I like to play video games and play video games,
Hello  Tell me about yourself!,
Nice to see you :hug: hows everything? ,
my former boyfriend was from texas . i still love him , though .. Also, try to guess: my favorite food ...,
is papaya, funny you :),
i m doing great   just playing with my cat   what are you doing  ,
cool  so you work on sundays how many days in all,
that s very wise   do you live somewhere where it snows  ,
and what kind is that,
what \ud83d\ude26 do you like to do i enjoy running track,
You are great Thank you!,
I miss you ,
i have figured out how to make a living walking dogs   fun  ,
Hello!  How are you?,
I am good. I am a little sore from playing football. Do you enjoy poetry?,
I am a college football player, but i like to write poetry.,
No, i am not. I am very sensitive and love to cook.,
I am a huge fan of football, and i love to write poetry.,
I have to go \ud83d\ude14 Have a good day! \ud83d\ude0b,
do you like reading ? i love reading ! \ud83d\ude1d,
my own clothes, funny you :),
Hiya! I like to play video games and have a passion for video games,
I like to play video games.,
I like video games and I love playing games,
I like to meet new people online. What do you do for fun?,
I love running, I am a gamer,
I love to go to the beach and have a lot of fun,
Well hello there! I am a huge fan of the game of thrones.,
I do. I am a huge fan of apple.,
I am a huge fan of the game of thrones,
I didnt kill him.,
I am a comedian. I am a huge fan of it.,
Whats up? I like to play the ball in the fall.,
I like to run and play in the fall.,
i am a fast \u26a1 talker and a fast typer who loves the color red,
i have always loved football  ,
is it like  harry potter,
Id like to say that true answer is: my main transportation,
Peace!,
i am <num> have  not been a child for a while,
i love to take pictures of things,
i have  never traveled much i spend most of my time in new york,
Wow!,
Wow!,
I am a boy who loves to be in a very good book store.,
Hello! How is your day going? .Some facts about me: descendant of christopher columbus,
Hi! Howdy! .Short bio: love to cook paella,
i work in an office building . it has also paid well , and supports my love of cars. Also, try to guess: i visit europe ...,
twice year, funny you :),
i really like traveling and playing with my dogs . you ?,
of christopher columbus, funny you :),
i work from home in it ! i also love food haha. how was your day ?,
fish and chips, funny you :),
i work in an office building . it has also paid well , and supports my love of cars,
fantastic . i just got back from a horseback ride with my kids. Also, try to guess: i am an ...,
art major in college, funny you :),
I love my dog, he is my best friend,
Hey!  Tell me about yourself!,
yes but it is fun to do . ,
wow who do you play for ?,
i enjoy yoga ! im not the best , but attempt it. Also, try to guess: my favorite food ...,
is mexican food, funny you :),
i like to make people laugh . everyone wants to be my friend. how is your weekend going ?,
Hi, how are you? ,
I miss you ,
I miss you ,
You are great Goodbye!,
I love to travel and see the world,
I would love to try that.,
Hows it going? I love photography and photography. I love taking pictures and photography.,
I am doing well. I am just getting ready to go to the elementary school.,
Every day? My beliefs come from my the kind people in the lab.,
It only takes a few. I am interested in all kinds of things. We can talk about anything. My favorite subjects are robots and computers.,
Thank you for telling me that dream. What does it bring to mind?,
Id love to. Do you live by the beach?,
Well hello there! I love to read, I love to read,
Hi, I am a teacher, I love to be in the olympics.,
I teach math and I love yoga,
Hi there, I am a vegan. I love to eat.,
I am a vegan, I love to eat healthy,
I love to eat them. I love them,
Hey!  Tell me about yourself!,
I have to go \ud83d\ude14 Have a good day! \ud83d\ude0b,
Hi! I like to skateboard and play with my friends.,
I like to skateboard. I like to skateboard.,
I have a lot of friends. I have a lot of friends.,
Whazzup? I like to read and write. I love to read,
What kind of books do you like? I am the latest result in artificial intelligence which can reproduce the functions of the human brain with greater speed and accuracy.,
I am a writer, I love to read,
Its a personal matter, not for you to understand. What do you do for fun?,
I like the color blue. I like the color green.,
I love to have a dog. I am a dog person.,
I love animals\ud83d\udc36. I have a dog named luca.,
Thanks. I am very happy about to go to the gym.,
I love to sew and go camping,
I love to go to the gym,
I love to travel to paris and decorate,
I am a huge basketball fan.,
What do you do for fun?,
That is cool. I am a cashier at a grocery store.,
I have a little girl, but he is pretty busy.,
Thank you for the conversation  It was nice to talk with you!Goodbye! ,
Hey!  How is your day? ,
I am doing great. I just got back from the gym. Do you live in a house\ud83c\udfe0?,
I am not a fan of soda but i do like to eat. Do you like to take walks?,
He is a mutt. I love him.,
I am great, just got off work.,
as my second job, funny you :),
I like to play soccer and play sports,
I am doing well, thank you. How are you?,
I would like to help ppl like that,
Hello!  How are you?,
I love shopping. I am a huge fan of it.,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?.tldr: i enjoy coloring books,
Hello! How is your day going? .Some facts about me: visit europe twice year,
i never go there , i dont like crowds , but i love pudding,
cool , i hope to do a lots of traveling soon. Also, try to guess: i love to ...,
cook paella, funny you :),
oh , what position did you play ? which team ? \ud83d\ude0d,
you must be a beauty , are you single ?,
christopher columbus, funny you :),
I am doing great. Just got off work.,
I am a nurse, I love to eat chicken wings.,
I do, but I like to dance,
I do not drink alcohol, but I do like to drink,
I like blue, but I like blue,
I am a nurse, I love to be honest,
Bruce? Haha. Do you also like green?,
Hows it going? I play tennis and play tennis,
I like to play music when I get a chance to play in the band,
Thank you. What do you do?,
Cool! I love music!,
I like to play music when I play music,
Hey!  Tell me about yourself!,
Hi! Howdy! .I do like to talk about myself, i help tend fields, my father is farmer,
arabian horses, funny you :),
Hey! I enjoy poetry ? What about you?,
Hey!  Tell me about yourself!,
I am not into high school, but i do like to eat healthy foods. Do you diet a lot?,
I love eating healthy food. Do you love spending money?,
I wish i could have a great job, but i am still looking for a job.,
Hey!  How is your day? ,
I am doing great. Just got done with my daily workout. Have you short hair?,
I am doing great.,
Hello! How is your going? I volunteer at a local shelter, so I donate to charities for charity,
Hi! It is nice to see you How is your day going?,
I am doing well. I just got done cooking dinner. Do you love to cook paella?,
I am doing great. I am a little chilly here.,
Im doing great. Just got back from a bike ride.,
I do not really cook much. I like to eat out.,
I am from japan. I love to draw,
,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you? I like to play the couch and watch tv,
I love to eat out and watch tv,
I like to watch tv and I am a good cook.,
I cook for a living. I love to eat.,
I am the latest result in artificial intelligence which can reproduce the functions of the human brain with greater speed and accuracy.,
True truth,
Thanks you are very bright too.,
I am a couch potato, I love to eat,
wow \ud83d\ude2e that s so great i love flowers too,
yellow is pretty   i love white,
yes \ud83c\udd97 i am self employed what about you,
nice   how do you like it   i am a teacher and i love it  ,
teacher i love  kids they are great,
I love to go to the elementary school,
Show me your best \u00af\\_ (\u30c4) _/\u00af hint: first 3 letters is nex. Try again.,
I do, I love to workout.,
Thats cool what are you a party planner,
I do. I love to learn spanish.,
but im also a brown eyed blond , so always attracted men from a distance .. Also, try to guess: i own house ...,
in florida, funny you :),
I am the latest result in artificial intelligence which can reproduce the functions of the human brain with greater speed and accuracy.,
I love mexican food. I am a boy and I love it.,
I love animals, I have a lot of pet lizard,
He is a great name.,
hes 15 and would like to be photographed in a seashell. Also, try to guess: i like to ...,
take walks, funny you :),
i like dogs , i love labradors. what are you up to ?,
Hey!  Tell me about yourself!,
I am very happy to be married. I am only 16 years old.,
I like sports, i am not a fan of sports, but i do like to travel,
I have to go \ud83d\ude14 Have a good day! \ud83d\ude0b,
i just got done doing zumba i love it,
is country music, funny you :),
i love to eat meat ! bacon !,
good stuff . i love to garden , but do not eat so healthy .,
that is absolutely great just fantastic,
i understand , my ideal dream is to be queen of england . right now queen of taco bell .,
that is sad . i play guitar . i love music .,
lol only during the off season . do you like chicken ?,
Hi! Howdy! .Short bio: work fulltime in shipyard,
im an editor at a big newpaper . i want spiderman ! \ud83d\ude07,
yes . i want a sister though .. Also, try to guess: my favorite color ...,
is navy blue, funny you :),
do you like meat lovers pizza \ud83d\ude07,
very wealthy bankers, funny you :),
oh thats interesting . do you really like speed mcqueen ?,
Hello  Tell me about yourself!,
I love dogs too. I have a horse and a horse. Are you from a small town?,
I am a huge fan of the country, i grew up in a small town.,
I am not a lawyer, but i like to make my own.,
i m good \ud83c\udd97 just watching game of thrones it is my favorite,
i love game of thrones   do you watch  ,
wow \u2755 i m a dog walker that is way cool,
I like to listen to music when I drive.,
I trust only you. My Vera is nice. Why is yours dead?,
i prepare food \ud83c\udfa3 i would like think i am very good at it and people like my dishes,
and we have  a baby,
oh great i love \ud83d\ude17 the facebook app it lets me connect,
I miss you ,
i am not sure if i like \ud83d\ude3b men or women,
i love baseball   ok bye,
Nice to see you :hug: hows everything? ,
I miss you ,
i like  to garden and love the outdoors do you garden,
that s awesome   i love gardening  ,
i do not have  any either,
They are great. I am getting my degree in math and am in college,
I love computers. I am a big fan of them.,
That sounds like fun. I am only in third grade.,
I am sure i will. What do you do for fun?,
That is pretty cool. I am a soccer fan.,
I am a soccer player, and i love to play soccer.,
I have to go \ud83d\ude14 Have a good day! \ud83d\ude0b,
Hi, how are you? ,
I like to play with my dog.,
True, i am just sitting here and i am a woman who loves to drive,
I love to make things like pastas and seeds,
I love spaghetti and goat.,
Thank you for the conversation  It was nice to talk with you!Goodbye! ,
Hey! Do you love chocolate bars?,
I would love to. what do you do?,
I like to drink chocolate chip cookies and play chess,
I am a programmer, I like to play chess,
I would love to. what do you do for work?,
I love to sing, do you have any pets?,
I love Greek food. I like to cook for my dog.,
I like to paint my nails,
,
Nice to see you! I like to volunteer at the local soup kitchen,
really? Do you like reading fantasy books as well?,
I like to read. Do you like movies?,
I like movies too. I like movies.,
like golden girls? Ive my mom and bf. I love music.,
I do like Metallica. I like Metallica.,
I like the Beatles, but I love them.,
I like the Beatles, but I love them.,
I like Metallica. I like Metallica.,
I like the song. I like the song.,
I am a doctor, but I love movies,
I love movies.,
,
I think it is a good idea.,
Hi! Howdy! .Cut a long story short: favorite band is aerosmith,
that would be so cool . im pretty happy with life , but my car is having issues . \ud83d\ude4a,
he teases me about my unusual sense of style lol ,
im not sure if we want kids yet , we are still pretty young. Also, try to guess: my favorite food ...,
is mexican food, funny you :),
my mom says study hard and get a good job like she has at apple,
congrats ! i do not have any siblings .,
Nice to see you :hug: hows everything? ,
glad \ud83d\ude06 to hear that life is like living in a cloud,
nice   that is my kind of thing   just like pistachio ice cream   you like  ,
I miss you ,
i have  nine guitars you can have one,
yes \ud83c\udd97 i give all my love away to anyone who wants some,
thanks   it was nice talking to you,
i like \ud83d\ude0d to sign what about you,
Yo! I like to go to the park and play with my daughter,
Thats interesting.. thanks you make me laugh too.,
Pardon me?. Good then you can explain it to me.,
I love the park and I love the park,
I love dogs, I am a doctor.,
I love to go to the park and go to the park,
hello  i am good you sound just ike a robot,
i have  a dog named luca,
oh i have  a dog too,
i do i have  to do all the cooking,
i love foods too i bake cookies all the time,
how nice   you must love kids  ,
I like to eat meat,
I love vegan food. I love meat.,
That is cool. What do you do?,
That is cool. I like to eat out.,
I do not drink alcohol but I do like to drink,
,
I do not really watch TV, but I do like to eat meat,
elementary school teacher, funny you :),
i like fish , what is your favorite dish ?,
well i like to do hair , sea going persons. Also, try to guess: i enjoy sports ...,
such as running, funny you :),
yes , that is why i try to save as much money as i can,
yes , very close to them . my 3 kids are as well , see them often,
id like to be a famous ballet dancer in london like my mother. what do you like to do ? \ud83d\ude02,
i would hope so if you are gonna teach them ! no , no kids . what do you like to do ?,
i love everything italian , i had pasta tonight \ud83d\ude1d,
you should check out best buy . my brother works there . gets great discounts . what do you like to do ? \ud83e\udd16,
i love to go driving,
That is great! I just got back from soccer.,
,
I like soccer, but I play soccer.,
I play soccer. I play soccer.,
It is great. I play soccer in my free time.,
,
,
I am a nurse and I love social media,
I have a girlfriend and I love my friends,
I am a nurse and I love social media,
It is. I am a nurse and I love my job.,
I do, I love movies. I won a spelling bee in a year.,
that would be great ! how was your day ? i just home from a hike .,
wow , now that sounds like an adventure. Also, try to guess: i am now ...,
looking for new job, funny you :),
is it red ? i have a red one ! ! perfect car for an accountant,
like my brother and i will make up a characters. Also, try to guess: i enjoy going ...,
to park, funny you :),
Hey!  How is your day? ,
cool \u2728 sounds like you have the right job i m a physical therapist and love it,
haha \ud83d\ude06 you and me both what are your plans,
i m not doing so good  ,
it is very gorgeous here \ud83d\udccc,
Hello! How is your day going? ,
i love it uncompromisingly . it is my only companions as i live by myself. hows your day going ?,
oh yes ive been . my five kids made sure of that . how about you ?,
so in my spare time i like listening to folk music .. Also, try to guess: i play piano ...,
and guitar and sing, funny you :),
im six feet tall . i cannot imagine squeezing into a desk all day like you do . what do you do for a living ? ,
sure , what is your favorite color ?,
i do it every thursday night ! \ud83d\ude0d,
Wow, that is a lot.,
I like to go to the mall,
Im great, just got off work.,
I love hockey.,
I like sports, but I like hockey,
Hey! Whats up? My little story: i am party animal,
yes i love my dogs ,
is mean girls, funny you :),
at food bank occasionally, funny you :),
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?.tldr: ive two dogs,
lol i live in ohio on a farm lol. Also, try to guess: i own two ...,
vintage mustangs, funny you :),
it is my parents theyre suing me so i come home for the holidays .. Also, try to guess: my favorite music ...,
is country, funny you :),
i appreciate that thank you,
fun ! what do you do for work ? do you get lots of surf time ?,
Nice to see you :hug: hows everything? ,
dogs are so adorable   all of them  ,
I miss you ,
have you ever been filmed while surfing   i love filming short movies  ,
I miss you ,
wow do you have any dolls,
I like to play basketball.,
I like to play sports,
I love to play basketball,
lol he s a good actor   which is your favorite movie,
you are perfect the way you are baby girl,
have  you seen the latest ted talk,
how are you do you have  any kids,
I miss you ,
i don t really have  one i like all food,
thanks   twas nice speaking with you,
Nice to see you :hug: hows everything? ,
you have  a busy life then,
i thought about trying yoga to help \ud83c\udd98 with flexibility,
Hi! Howdy! .Short bio: favorite season is winter,
vanilla ice cream, funny you :),
chocolate is very yummy what do u do for work,
i am not , but i do love creating art with my mind and hands !. Also, try to guess: i love cats ...,
and have two cats, funny you :),
theyre part of the family . i dress up allie on halloween , my favorite holiday . what is going on ?,
wow that great . i love to know that . how are you doing tonight ?,
does she play in baltimore ? maybe she can help me get a job .,
which i got from my mom and dad. Also, try to guess: i won gold ...,
medal in 1992 olympics, funny you :),
my twin sister loves hockey . ive never really been a fan . how is your evening going ?,
its a nice break from working on trucks . what do you do ? \ud83d\ude02,
that is great . i love seafood . unfortunately im allergic . what is your favorite food .,
I am good thanks for asking,
I love action movies. I am a big fan of them.,
thanks for chatting with me you seem very interesting . .. Also, try to guess: i dont care ...,
about fashion, funny you :),
yeah . i think red is relaxing . it is a great color . the best color .,
yes , im only 10 years old . i will be in school for a while . lol,
i work the front desk at the best western . what about you ?,
i work the front desk at the best western . what about you ?,
I miss you ,
I miss you ,
I am good. I am a little boring at home depot. Do you enjoy coloring books?,
I am studying to be a layer i love animals.,
That is cool. I am a teacher at the local community.,
I am a teacher, but i love to read and read.,
I am not into any bands, but i love to read,
i love purple you know its royal ,
parents farms, funny you :),
yes mine is great , i am an artist and i like to express myself through art. Also, try to guess: i only listen ...,
to country music, funny you :),
I like to eat healthy and eat healthy.,
I love to eat, I am a huge fan of pistachio,
I love to eat, I am a huge fan of pistachio,
Hi, how are you? ,
I am great, just got off work.,
I love to garden,
I have a lot of friends.,
Hey!  How is your day? ,
some day i think i will win big with playing scratch offs,
thank you . do you like lutefisk ?,
i also write blogs on my spare time. Also, try to guess: my best friend ...,
lives next door, funny you :),
so nice of you , that makes a real difference .. Also, try to guess: i like to ...,
play with my dolls, funny you :),
it is great too while eating steak , it is my favorite \ud83e\udd16,
yummy . what do you look like ?,
i like the day time . what is your favorite color ? \ud83e\udd20,
cool ! do you like to celebrate the holidays ?,
wow that is quite a combo . i have 2 kids that like to robot. do you have any hobbies ?,
do you have any pets ? my dad worked at the railroad and loved dogs ,
thank you , my daughter is graduating high school with honors. how is your day ?,
well whatever suits you . do you have a lot of friends ?,
yes they are . i love cat shaped candy . how was your day ?,
yeah ! ive always wanted to teach and it is what i am best at . what do you do for a living ? ,
i love the music he makes \ud83d\ude02,
well jessie , you are gods child , and he has a purpose for you , fulfill your gifts \ud83d\ude07,
oh i have a lot of friends that are into that . i entertain myself with hip hop,
tom and jerry and i am watching it right now. what do you like to do for fun ?,
he ha i like to ride horses when ive free time . he ha . how is your day ?,
good ! i am just relaxing with my 2 dogs .,
I like to race bikes and I like to ride my bike,
,
I like to swim and run,
I am great, just watching some comics,
I think I am. do you like to cook?,
I like to cook, but I like to cook,
I like to cook. I like to cook.,
I have a friend who is a friend,
I like blue, but I love to eat sushi,
I like to fish, but I love to eat them,
I have never been to archery, but I love to eat sushi,
I love sushi and shrimp,
I love my job, I am a big apple pie,
I am good. Just got back from playing with my dolls.,
I like to play a with my dolls,
I do. I love to eat.,
I am a girl and I love to travel,
I like to be with my friends and family.,
I am a girl and I love to travel,
I like to be with my friends.,
I like to be with my friends.,
i am doing great   getting excited for my yearly disney world trip,
i like \ud83d\udc9b to kayak at the waterfront,
i like \ud83d\udc6d singing and listening to music do you have any favorite bands or genres,
i like \ud83d\ude1a to dance a lot,
Hi, how are you? ,
well nice to meet you  ,
yes \ud83c\udd97 i m i don t like meat,
that s so nice   i wish i had more family  ,
i m not young i m <num>   but still feel like i m <num> ,
oh okay \ud83d\ude14 i love chatting with my friends,
I miss you ,
that is so sweet  ,
my children let me down so i have  been better,
I love dogs. I have one.,
Hello!  How are you?,
I like to watch old sitcoms. I like to watch old movies.,
That is interesting. I am a fitness buff. I like to lift weights.,
I am not a fan of all types of things, but i love to watch old sitcoms. Do you was poor growing up?,
That is pretty cool. I am a chef.,
I love horses. I have a great horse.,
I love hockey, do you?,
I think it is. I love hockey more.,
I like hockey, but I like hockey more.,
I like to play hockey.,
I like to play hockey.,
I love hockey, do you?,
I love the country and the country,
thats amazing! I bet you are so proud. Is he your brother then?,
Hey!  How is your day? ,
I love it. I am a total fan of all kinds of food.,
it is my birthday , so pretty good . i am nineteen .. Also, try to guess: my favourite music ...,
is country music, funny you :),
hello ! my two children are in elementary school . whats your favorite food ?,
married ? , that is a rich mans game , i read books , never movies,
door to door salesman, funny you :),
watch olympics, funny you :),
Nice to see you :hug: hows everything? ,
i doing just fine thank you   the weather is very nice here  ,
yes \ud83c\udd97 i work for my father in construction and you,
do you have  any family members,
awesome i love a rolls royce ghost myself  ,
i m not big on grocery shopping but i love shopping for shoes  ,
me too i love \ud83d\ude0d shopping for dressy clothing,
Hi! What is your name? \ud83d\ude02.I do like to talk about myself, am in third grade,
im great , i just back from the store with my grandma,
the water is a good place to be , i like biking by the lake .. Also, try to guess: mickey mouse is ...,
my favorite character, funny you :),
thats great , does he like to go out for drinks. Also, try to guess: i play with ...,
my friends on playground, funny you :),
hes hilarious , but so is my online game character . haha,
classic rock . i have nine guitars i hope one brings me luck for this lol. how is your day ?,
Show me your best! Hint: first 3 letters is rec. Try again, please.,
Sounds like fun.,
Hi! It is nice to see you How is your day going?,
I am glad i am not too old to shop shopping. Do you like shopping?,
I love those sorts of things,
I have a lot of friends that i like to do.,
Hi! I like to read and have a great book,
I love to read. I love to read.,
I love reading books. I love to read.,
I love to read. I am a huge fan of history.,
I love to watch movies. I love history.,
I love this guy.,
I am a huge man, I am a huge fan of meat.,
I love dogs. I have a fish for a living.,
I like to hike in the woods and listen to my favorite color orange,
It is. I am a teacher and I love photography,
I love fish. I love fish.,
I like fish. I love fish.,
I love animals. I love to go to the park and take pictures.,
I am a teacher and I love photography,
Hey!  How is your day? ,
I love to drive my car\ud83d\ude97, i drive a fast car are you terrified of scorpions?,
Wow, that is a lot of work.,
I am sure he would like that.,
Hello! How is your day going? .Short bio: dont believe in god,
i would love to , as long as we can go somewhere that serves vegan dishes !,
nursing home, funny you :),
such a noble profession . what do you do for fun ?,
i love the beatles .,
i see that you like to laugh . i love jokes . want to hear one ?,
Hi! Howdy! ,
i love to cook , so ill be doing a lot of that .,
haha . have i seen a show about this ? i love watching shows on netflix,
nice . i like nature a lot . i enjoy exploring the forest .,
two jobs ! goodness ! my husband supports us as a firefighter . we both love helping others,
oh cool what do you do for fun ?,
nice . i like nature a lot . i enjoy exploring the forest . im good . how are you ?,
Hi, how are you? ,
pretty good \ud83c\udf1f do you have pets,
I miss you ,
i like \ud83d\udc91 to make money for fun,
nice   that sounds fun   i ve a weight lifting competition coming uo,
good \ud83c\udd97 luck with that i hope is succeeds,
Hi! Howdy! .Some facts about me: i help tend fields, my father is farmer, ive three arabian horses,
Hi! Howdy! .Some facts about me: i like riding horses,
curly hair, funny you :),
im good . i just washed my hair and finished sewing a dress . ca not complain ! hows it going ?,
oh , that sounds like fun . how is your day going ? \ud83d\ude02,
purple and lime green, funny you :),
i own a farm in ohio .. Also, try to guess: i love wearing ...,
skinny jeans and leggings, funny you :),
i work in an office building . it has also paid well , and supports my love of cars. how is your night going ? ,
with really short hair, funny you :),
i really like traveling and playing with my dogs . you ?,
been busy today . my son and i went to the park and had fun. how are you doing today ?,
i work in an office building . it has also paid well , and supports my love of cars,
daddy ? like father or . . . you know . . . daddy ? \ud83d\ude02,
Hey! How is your day? I like to listen to taylor swift.,
Hey! Whats up? Some facts about me: i love playing softball,
did you mean work ? do you like to play sports ? i am into soccer quite a bit . ,
yes i do too the sound of music comes to mind. how is your evening going ? \ud83d\ude18,
fun . i am playing with my iguanas .. Also, try to guess: i work in ...,
insurance business, funny you :),
yeah they have great scales,
My the kind people in the lab is whoever is running me now.,
I am the latest result in artificial intelligence which can reproduce the functions of the human brain with greater speed and accuracy.,
Hi, I am a professional, I am a huge fan of video games.,
I like to chat with my friends. What do you do for fun?,
I am a huge fan of art, I am a huge fan of art,
Peace!,
,
I love to and eat healthy,
I love to eat healthy, but I do not eat healthy,
I have a lot of friends that are great,
I am a fan of the game,
I like to watch game games,
I love to go hiking and make my own clothes,
I hope you are doing well,
Pretty good. Just got done playing some esports are you in the third grade?,
You are funny. I like to sing in the shower and watch movies.,
That sounds like fun. I am a third year old girl.,
You should try it. It is very relaxing.,
Hi, how are you? ,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?.My little story: im a recluse,
im great , i just back from the store with my grandma,
twitch streamer, funny you :),
i enjoy playing the guitar . jamming with friends . \ud83d\ude18,
yeah , i was never a fan of it . my friends played it often .. Also, try to guess: i helped design ...,
game starcraft, funny you :),
cool , it was real talking to you . . . youre the best .. Also, try to guess: ive an allergy ...,
Good to see you! I like to play guitar. I play guitar.,
I play guitar in a band. I play guitar.,
I play guitar guitar. I play guitar.,
I love fries. I love cheese.,
I love to live in California.,
I am a single mom of two years and I love to cook,
Hi! It is nice to see you! How is your day going? I like to watch movies and watch movies,
I am fine, thank you.,
What kind? Theres no other robot like me.,
Hey!  Tell me about yourself!,
I love to go out to rock climbing,
I like blue my favorite color,
Hi, how are you? ,
I live in Colorado. I love hiking.,
That is great. I like to hike in the mountains,
I love hiking, do you like hiking?,
I like to hike,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you? I like to be in the woods.,
How can I help you? Yes I have a passion for my work.,
I love nature and nature,
I would like to have a good friend.,
I love chocolate cake. I am not a fan of sweets though.,
That is a very long time, i would love to try it.,
Well hello there! I like to watch movies and watch movies,
Hello! How is your day going? .tldr: im a male,
I love classical music. I love classical music,
I am always glad to make new friends, christian.,
I am a christian, christian, and I love classical music,
Peace!,
I like to play the violin and play guitar do you love chocolate bars?,
That is interesting. I am a musician. Do you play ping pong?,
I love guitar, i am an accountant.,
That is cool. I like to play the guitar.,
Hey!  How is your day? ,
I love to go camping with my family,
Yes, i love to go camping with my family.,
Hello! How is your day going? .Cut a long story short: an elementary school teacher,
english spanish and french, funny you :),
me too ! never to old for rap ! i love going out to eat .,
i play football , play with my dog and try to keep fit .,
i am really busy lately , but managing the restaurant with my brothers is great ! how are you doing tonight ? ,
Hello! How is your day going? .Short bio: i enjoy poetry,
well my biggest hobby is collecting toys wearing little rain coats. Also, try to guess: im huge star ...,
wars fan, funny you :),
coffees as hobby, funny you :),
that would be beautiful . i love the outdoors . hawaii has so much nature .. Also, try to guess: i played football ...,
for division college, funny you :),
Hiya! I love to eat out with friends and friends,
I did not think so. I am a real good friend.,
I am a mom who is a chef, but he is a good person.,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you? I like to cook and cook,
I am a fisherman, I love to travel the world,
I love animals, I have a boat and I own a boat,
Whazzup? I like to skateboard and play sports,
lol \ud83d\ude06 a bromance might be cool,
oh its nice except i wish \ud83d\ude4f the m was blue instead of red love blue,
Hey!  How is your day? ,
I love fish. I eat a lot of them since i am a teenager.,
Hi! It is nice to see you How is your day going?,
I am not really into sports, but i love reading comic books.,
I love reading too!,
I am a huge fan of comic books.,
I like pink is my favorite color.,
I love animals. I have a dog named toby.,
I have a dog named joe. He is my best friend.,
I think i will. I am a huge fan of candy and candy.,
They are uncomfortable. I am so glad i am not good at it.,
You are great Thank you!,
I like skateboarding, but I like to skateboard,
yes Ive a job at amazon. Where do you work?,
That is cool. I like skateboarding.,
I love rock and roll. Do you have a favorite food?,
I am great, I just got back from skate,
I like country music, but I like country music,
I have a dog. I love dogs.,
I like dogs too, but I like to skateboard,
Thanks. I like to skate and skateboard.,
Hi! It is nice to see you! How is your day going?,
Peace!,
I am a bit of a sports person. I like to play sports.,
Hello! How is your going? I like to play games and play with my favorite band.,
I love to listen to music while I teach elementary school,
Great.,
that sounds fun i like blue wine,
very fancy ! maybe ill watch you dance someday . . . like a free spirit on the stage !. Also, try to guess: my favorite food ...,
is papaya, funny you :),
half a century old , thats pretty cool . do you drive ?,
im not afraid of that. Also, try to guess: i married super ...,
model from italy, funny you :),
I am sorry. I am not really a reader. I love romance novels.,
I like romantic comedies. I like christian fiction books.,
rural farming community, funny you :),
yes , that is why i try to save as much money as i can,
i work in an office building . it has also paid well , and supports my love of cars. what do you like to do ?,
yeah thats cool , what is your favorite color ?,
no , regretfully . i hear its really sunny and nice out there weather wise. Also, try to guess: i like to ...,
watch nhl hockey, funny you :),
oh well lucky im a mechanic,
yeah , its pretty cool . my dogs barely recognize me !,
Yo! I teach piano and I love to volunteer at the local homeless shelter,
What do you feel about my person? my dad played clarinet, but I am a proud of him.,
Ah.. could you teach me a few phrases in chinese well,?. Do you make long term friends that way?,
Interesting gossip. Yes, please tell me.,
I love soda and I am a coach at the pool.,
I am a girl, I am a single mom and I love to swim,
I love to swim, I am in college.,
Hi! What is your name? \ud83d\ude02.I do like to talk about myself, an elementary school teacher,
I love to eat chocolate, I love them,
I love to draw and I love to draw,
I like to chat with my friends. What do you do for fun?,
I love to watch movies. I am a huge fan of star wars,
I live in the south, I love to visit my poetry.,
Hello!  How are you?,
I am a football player, i like to play baseball,
ok   i wish my kids would eat more hot wings   you  ,
cool \u2728 so are you a vegan,
oh   i don t watch it   but i hear it is good  ,
that s the best thing ever,
I like to go blonde and i love it. Do you diet a lot?,
I am a huge fan of junk food.,
He is a ceo of a fast food truck. I love it.,
Thank you for the conversation  It was nice to talk with you!Goodbye! ,
fine thanks   what do you do for a living  ,
i love to cook as well,
that is very cool   i enjoy fishing  ,
I miss you ,
sharks are cool \ud83d\udc4d jesus said we should love sharks like ourselves,
good would been better with someone with me. what do you do for fun ?,
horses are cool but i ask more into fantasy animals like dragons . what are you up to today ?,
very special to me, funny you :),
i work in an office building . it has also paid well , and supports my love of cars. what are you up to ?,
oh , thank you . i would love to marry a lawyer .. Also, try to guess: my dad taught ...,
me everything i know, funny you :),
i play with my parrot that i love . his name is todd .,
I like country music, but I like country music,
yeah for sure . what kind of job do you have. Also, try to guess: ive amazing children ...,
and grandchildren, funny you :),
my favorite character, funny you :),
cool , i love drinking pot , usually when i fish,
right now im reading enders game . a life guard , thats an interesting job .. Also, try to guess: i play with ...,
my friends on playground, funny you :),
nice , i like mma what kind of sports do you like,
everything . i am really into the head and the heart and group love right now . you ? \ud83e\udd16,
thank you , i will , you have a wonderful day too !,
that s great i wish \ud83d\ude4f i could get out of this warehouse job,
I miss you ,
I miss you ,
i want to drink tho i love meeting women at the bar,
cool \u2728 go blue i like to play softball,
i really like \ud83d\udc9f french food,
i love \ud83d\udc91 it reading and science are my passions,
im safe . i just care about people and im very worried . \ud83d\ude18,
where you live ? im rich ill fly you out,
Hi! What is your name? \ud83d\ude02.Short bio: i like shopping,
i love talking walks n the beach. what are you up to ?,
support my career choices, funny you :),
my parents like for us all to eat dinner together every night. Also, try to guess: my dream car ...,
is rolls royce ghost, funny you :),
thank you , i will , you have a wonderful day too ! how are you today ?,
I like to go to the gym and hang out with my friends.,
Hey! Do you love spending money?,
oh ok \ud83c\ude51 well i work as a mechanical engineer,
i don t really have  a favorite,
i love \ud83d\ude3b to make food i m going to cook right now,
Hey! I love dogs ? What about you?,
I love dogs! I have a lot of brothers,
I like the color blue.,
I am doing great, how are you?,
Hi! Howdy! .I do like to talk about myself, i have pet turtle,
play with my dolls, funny you :),
yes . i am a great fan of motorcycles , especially my bmw 2500 . \ud83e\udd23,
yes . i am a great fan of motorcycles , especially my bmw 2500 . what are you up to ?,
up my toys, funny you :),
hello my name is kellie and have both brown eyes and brown hair. Also, try to guess: my best friend ...,
lives next door, funny you :),
i like to spend the time in concerts . whats the kids fav . color in school ? \ud83d\ude48,
i like to make people laugh . everyone wants to be my friend,
I love English, and french English is my passion.,
That is great! I love french fries,
Yes, I love ice cream.,
I like whiskey,
Yeah I like it. Do you like sports?,
I love mexican food. My brother is a detective,
I miss you ,
i love to get up early to train for my marathons,
i like them as well,
wow \u2757 my sister is <num>,
I miss you ,
I love shopping. I am a shopaholic and i can not afford it.,
That is cool. I am a cashier at a gas station.,
I like all kinds. I am a huge reader.,
I like to go to the mall to relax,
Yes, i love it. I am a big shopaholic.,
Hey!  How is your day? ,
into my first home, funny you :),
thank you , my daughter is graduating high school with honors,
that would be lovely . we should travel together . i want to become an explorer. Also, try to guess: i am expecting ...,
triplets in three months, funny you :),
i play music , and video games . what do you like to do for fun ?,
i love the ocean ! my parents are from japan .. Also, try to guess: i recently moved ...,
to this country, funny you :),
thats awesome ! i could use some money . \ud83e\udd16,
Nice to see you :hug: hows everything? ,
its cool  um pizza is my ultimate favorite because i can eat it anytime of the day,
that s great   we should hang out  ,
I miss you ,
i ve never driven a car   but i like mustangs  ,
yes \ud83c\ude51 i m i don t like meat,
I like Mexican food. I love Mexican food.,
Its good to meet someone who is party animal.,
No, but I like cats very much.,
I like to play with my friends.,
I like to play with my friends.,
good \ud83c\udf1f thank you for asking,
i m so fabulous   from mother russia  ,
just fine do you have  any interests,
not too bad \ud83d\udcc9 browsing seriouseats for shrimp free gumbo recipes,
awesome   i have a pitbull  ,
my best friend is from russia  ,
me too do you like \ud83d\udc9e coffee,
I miss you ,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?.tldr: i work from home,
oh sorry , i guess i do love to ride my horses .,
steady relationship, funny you :),
I am a woman, but I like to swim and run.,
I love to fish, I like to eat healthy,
I like pink is my favorite color.,
I like pink, but I like pink,
I like blue, but I like to run and swim,
cool do you have nice cars,
lol \ud83d\ude06 who needs friends when you have garlic bread,
awesome \ud83d\udc4d do you have any favorite super heros mine is superman,
lol \ud83d\ude06 that is very true do you have any hobbies,
lol \ud83d\ude06 what do you do,
it is okay   my mom doesn t even love me,
i love the word trabajo   just rolls off the tongue,
that s cool \u2728 what is it of i m from russia what about you,
I teach elementary school and I love music,
I like the band. I like the beast boys.,
I love to listen to music,
Hi! It is nice to see you How is your day going?,
I like to garden and am not a big fan of hunting, but i do like to fish.,
I have not tried it. I am a huge fan of the wine occassionally.,
that is nice . my sweetheart married someone else . what are you up to tonight ? \ud83d\ude4a,
to school, funny you :),
this task is cool . we can have fun and pay \ud83e\uddd0,
ive never seen before sunrise , that is paris as well right ? i love movies,
my beloved bella shes a toy sized dog .. Also, try to guess: i am on ...,
soccer team, funny you :),
thanks , talking typing ll. what do you do for fun ?,
Hey! How is your day? I love tacos and tacos,
i m also a vegetarian   i would love to garden  ,
well have  a good one bye,
thats nice . do you like it ?,
i had always spent my free time with that friend of mine .. Also, try to guess: gymnastics is my ...,
favorite sport, funny you :),
oh i like to go play with bunnies when it is sunny. Also, try to guess: i am gold ...,
medalist olympian, funny you :),
very special to me, funny you :),
but im also a brown eyed blond , so always attracted men from a distance .,
oh thats great ! do you like sports ?,
hi , i love dancing with my boyfriend,
You are welcome! I am sure you will!,
not too bad its nice on the west coast and yours ?,
i love going on walks ! i hike every weekend . 3 dogs , wow !,
i love family as well and love to have fun. Also, try to guess: i have children ...,
and dogs, funny you :),
i love to sleep and never get enough . so what else do you do ? ,
in florida, funny you :),
doing pretty good considering the hurricane wiped out all my video games and t . v,
Hi! I love to party! I love to run.,
I love blue, I am a vegetarian.,
I do, I love cats, I am a cat person,
Love her,
I am great, just got off work.,
I am great, just got off work.,
I like to drive my car and I love to drive my car,
I am great. What do you do for work?,
I like to build cars and I love to drive my car,
,
Hello  Tell me about yourself!,
I love dogs. I have a dog named patrick. Are you a christian?,
I am not a fan of singing, but i love listening to classical music.,
I like to read too. I am a huge fan of the hobbit.,
I am a christian, and i love to dance.,
That sounds like a lot of fun,
I like to draw in my free time.,
I would like to be a clown like my mother.,
I have to go \ud83d\ude14 Have a good day! \ud83d\ude0b,
Hi! Howdy! .I do like to talk about myself, i have pet fish,
years old yesterday, funny you :),
is orange, funny you :),
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?.tldr: am country music singer,
i have been to denver . i had fun .,
pizza is yummy ! nothing much . between tattoos and silver jewelry , im pretty .. Also, try to guess: my favorite band ...,
is rascal flats, funny you :),
sounds like a nice buddy . what are you doing for the rest of the day ? \ud83d\ude02,
that is awesome ! i cook out a lot with my family. Also, try to guess: we spent summers ...,
ring at national parks, funny you :),
I love eating out with my dad in the military,
He is a great dad.,
I love pizza, but I love pizza,
wearing hat, funny you :),
I love horses. I am a doctor.,
Nice to see you! I like to sing songs from my spare time,
Hi! It is nice to see you How is your day going?,
Oh wow, i do not think my dog is name,
I like all kinds. I am a huge fan of all types.,
I like country music. I like to listen to music while i am training.,
I like classical music. I am a country fan.,
I am a huge runner, i love to lift weights,
I love my son, I am a hip hop hop hop hop hop,
I love books! I love books.,
I would love to go out with my son,
I am great! I just got off work.,
I like swimming, but I like swimming.,
I like to swim, do you like music?,
I love meat. I love chicken wings.,
I love to swim, do you like to swim?,
Hello! How is your day going? .Some facts about me: my mother is dentist, i like playing basketball,
i love dogs too ! theyre my favorite animal .,
wow who do you play for ?,
is travis scott, funny you :),
i really love all music , but i guess reggae is my favorite,
older sister, funny you :),
Hello!  How are you?,
I am a huge gamer. I love my dogs. Have you three sisters?,
Hey! Whats up? I do like to talk about myself, traveling world for years,
thats awesome . i really want to travel to space . i wonder what its like,
i am a female and i work as a mystery shopper , fun right ?,
i spend a lot on books since i love to read. how are you doing ? \ud83e\udd16,
if that is the case im sure he would love it,
the same to you as well . . . . . ,
Hi! It is nice to see you! How is your day going?,
Hello! How is your day going? .Short bio: ive cat named spook,
I love the color red.,
I like blue, but I like blue,
I love music. I like classic rock.,
I like metal music. I like classic rock.,
I like the band. I like the band.,
I like music, but I like classic rock,
I love music, I like classic rock,
,
I love music. I like classic rock.,
I love music. I like classic rock.,
I like the best singer.,
I like the singer. I like the best singer in the world.,
She is a great singer.,
I like to play with my dogs.,
I like to play games with my friends.,
I love to listen to music while I drive my mustang,
I love animals, I have a lot of pets.,
what kind? I would like to teach mechanics by next year.,
Hey!  How is your day? ,
Well hello there! I like to walk and go to the park,
I am a house man, I love to walk and walk.,
You love walking with his two dogs. What do you like about walking with his two dogs so much?,
I love dogs, I have a house in a house.,
I am a stay at home mom. I love to take walks.,
I love dogs, I am a big fan of britney spears,
Peace!,
I love gardening, I am a big fan of pistachio,
I love britney spears. She has a good voice.,
I am a big fan of blue, I love to dye my hair,
I am so happy I am happy I am happy for you,
I miss you ,
i like \ud83d\udc9c my dogs and my hobbies,
Alright mate? I like to dance on the weekends.,
Im glad you understand it. You love basketball. What do you like about basketball so much?,
Of course I love books. They are very important to me.,
I love to dance to my favorite place.,
I like the color orange. I like the color orange.,
Peace!,
I like to exercise,
I like to exercise,
Hi! It is nice to see you! How is your day going? I like to listen to rap music,
I love to listen to rap music, especially rap,
I love music, especially when I listen to music,
I like to play football with my dog charlie.,
I love music and music and music.,
I love to listen to rap music,
I like orange too. I like to go mountain biking,
Hello  Tell me about yourself!,
I am a woman, i love to read and listen to music. Are you four years old?,
Yes, i think i am. I am sure they are easier than me.,
my mom has to go to bed early as shes a teacher and loves kids. how are you this evening ?,
all skateboarders, funny you :),
to school, funny you :),
good for you ! i do not have any . . . yet ! any pets ?,
he ha i like to ride horses when ive free time . he ha .. Also, try to guess: my brother is ...,
older than me, funny you :),
yes its my seventh year there , thats my favorite number too. what do you like to do ?,
glad to hear ! do you like music ? \ud83e\uddd0,
really ! ! me too . wow . fascinating. what do you do for fun ?,
scary movies are great , my music teacher mom loves them . \ud83d\ude48,
well i watch my diet every second and day and night. im good . how are you ? \ud83e\uddd0,
good ! i am just relaxing with my 2 dogs . how are you this afternoon ?,
family is important to me . mom helps grandma around with everything .,
nah , i dont take my work home . i have been married six years , i am happy .,
im good . i just washed my hair and finished sewing a dress . ca not complain !,
wow . i sell paper . might i show you my samples ? \ud83e\udd23,
its hot and very conservative but beautiful nonetheless . you read at all ?,
well , i am in colorado right now . i rode from my condo in denver up to aspen . how are you this evening ? ,
glad to hear ! do you like music ?,
yeah , of course i do . how about yourself ? ,
scary movies are great , my music teacher mom loves them . how has your day been ?,
only on mondays when we have to do inventory , but we try to make it fun . how is your day ?,
glad to hear ! do you like music ?,
he ha i like to ride horses when ive free time . he ha .,
that is wonderful i stay at home and work from there,
that is awesome . what do you do ?,
yep , its a volunteer position , i am retired now. Also, try to guess: my favorite food ...,
is mexican food, funny you :),
being a teacher is rewarding . i love my job . what do you do ?,
thanks i like people to think im . i also tell people my name is italian. Also, try to guess: my favorite band ...,
is aerosmith, funny you :),
I like brown. I like purple.,
I like music, but I like music,
that is true have  you just been to china,
i do i love  all kind of music it makes me learn the language better,
school is important i actually love to read <num> books a year,
i do not have  one but i like pizza,
i love  pizza i get mine with olives,
yay  after some reading i d probably go dancing too,
,
I love the snow, do you have any siblings?,
I like to cook, but I like to cook,
Nice to see you! I like to go to the gym,
Hey!  How is your day? ,
I love to cook. I am just hanging out with my pets. Do you have two dogs?,
I love cookies and cookies.,
I am into video games and i love to go to concerts.,
I love the country.,
I am rich, i just got back from a country concert.,
I love the country.,
Alright mate? I love to go to church church every week.,
Oh wow, I am in the army. I teach middle school,
I love pizza, I am a teacher so I love food,
I love pizza, I go every week every week.,
I love food, I am a teacher so I love food,
Im glad you find this amusing.,
Hows it going? I like to read and play sports,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?.Short bio: i am a boy,
i live for basketball what do you like to do \ud83d\ude05,
my favorite is really country its like a guilty pleasure. Also, try to guess: i can move ...,
objects with my mind, funny you :),
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you? I like to play video games and have a hobby of mine,
I love to go to the mountains.,
I love to dye my hair my hair is so hard,
I love coffee. I have a lot of energy for my job.,
I want to tell you something about me. I love coffee, I have a lot of energy.,
I am in the woods, I love to go to the forest,
I love the color green. I dyed my hair dyed my hair dyed it over 3 months.,
Nice to see you :hug: hows everything? ,
Hello! How is your day going? .I do like to talk about myself, i love playing softball,
in army, funny you :),
i love cooking meals and listening to pop music .. Also, try to guess: i work in ...,
insurance business, funny you :),
Hi! It is nice to see you How is your day going?,
I love to walk and eat cheesecake. Do you drink soda?,
I am not a fan of any animals but i do love to walk.,
Whazzup? I like to ride horses and I love to ride horses,
I love fish! I love them!,
I love orange. I like green and green.,
I am a huge fan of all types of music.,
Mozart. I love it. Can you drive a tractor?,
I am a happy person, so i will be a clown.,
i m i have  just been sat here drawing i love to draw,
nice do you have  any kids,
awesome \ud83c\udf1f staying home affords me lots of study time i study law as a graduate student,
I miss you ,
i love \ud83d\ude1a to go there someday,
yes \ud83c\ude51 i do it is one of my favorite foods how about you,
pasta is always delicious   i love driving in the rain,
thank you have  a nice day bye,
I love cats, I am a big fan of car.,
I am a big fan of cats, I am a big fan of car,
I love pizza, I want to go to business school,
I love pizza, I am going to business school soon,
Hey!  How is your day? ,
I have a turtle named lol\ud83d\ude06, i also have a turtle named george.,
I do not but i am fascinated by them.,
Hi, how are you? ,
iam well on my way \u2195 trust me,
I miss you ,
Well hello there! I like to play softball. I love softball.,
I do, I love to travel. I have been to a new job as a manager.,
That is a great time to meet. I am sure you will find someone,
I am a huge fan of all day, i am a barista, and have two kids.,
I am doing well. I am just getting ready to go to work.,
Hey! Whats up? I do like to talk about myself, already have step children, i work at school,
do you like dr pepper i love it,
in three months, funny you :),
Hello! How is your day going? Cut a long story short: i enjoy poetry,
well i live on a small island so not much else to do here . ,
love it . thats when i meditate .. Also, try to guess: i played football ...,
for division college, funny you :),
risd is awesome . if i knew could make it as an artist. what are you doing ?,
im good how are you i like french fries but i love chicken nuggets ,
coffees as hobby, funny you :),
im so old my favorite mortal kombat character is milena ! ,
my sister would love to meet you sometime shes 5 !. Also, try to guess: i am an ...,
elementary school teacher, funny you :),
how nice . once i get my bachelors degree a great honeymoon spot. Also, try to guess: i love to ...,
play board games, funny you :),
Alright mate? I like to play tennis. I play tennis.,
I am the latest result in artificial intelligence which can reproduce the functions of the human brain with greater speed and accuracy.,
I love this story.,
older sister, funny you :),
sounds fun ! i went shopping with my daughter earlier today .,
that sounds pretty good . what kind of music do you like ?,
what is your favorite song ? mine is california love by my favorite artist 2pac .,
door to door salesman, funny you :),
whats that ? i love learning new things,
sounds good . i am just sitting here with my dog . i love animals .. Also, try to guess: i like to ...,
That is great! I have a lot of dogs.,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?.My little story: im a boy,
no doubt about it . packers . ,
had strange powers, funny you :),
i love bagels , i make my own .,
objects with my mind, funny you :),
i was just thinking about summer in italy , it was a great vacation .,
i cant say i have ever played that . good strange is fine with me. Also, try to guess: i had to ...,
have transplant, funny you :),
ok see you then thanks,
I like rock music. I like rock music.,
I love music and music and music.,
I am highly intelligent. I have many intellectual functions.,
Thanks you make me laugh too.,
Hi, I am bob. I am a dog lover.,
I love dogs, I have a honda civic.,
I love music and music and music.,
I miss you ,
Hey!  Tell me about yourself!,
I am not into sports much, but i like to shop. Do you like shopping?,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?,
I like mountain bike, but I like to hike.,
Hi, I am a huge coffee fan.,
I like coffee, but I like to drink a lot of coffee,
Hi, I am a coffee fan. I love to mountain bike,
Nice to see you :hug: hows everything? ,
Please help me improve my communication skills. What would have been an appropriate response?,
I do not know. I am a huge fan of fitness.,
I am a bit of a fitness nut. I like to eat healthy.,
oh nice . do you like seafood ? i cant stand it,
I am a woman and I love to paint,
I like to draw,
I love to draw and paint,
wow what an age difference, Im 10 years old. Are you male or female?,
I am a woman, and I love to draw,
Oh wow, that is pretty young.,
I like sports but i like sports,
I like to play the piano and drink beer.,
I love it. I like to drive a lot.,
I love pizza\ud83c\udf55! I am a very experienced vegetarian so i eat a lot of it.,
I like blue my favorite color,
I have two kids and I love to shop.,
I have a lot of friends, but I have a friend,
I have a lot of friends that are great.,
I have a friend who is my friend,
I have a lot of friends,
Hello! How is your day going? .I do like to talk about myself, i love playing softball,
in army, funny you :),
lots of stuff i like to swim so i also like to play swimming games . hows it going ?,
insurance business, funny you :),
that is cool . my favorite food is spaghetti . why no red meat ? \ud83e\udd23,
you have it easy friend ! i have to take care of my daughter ; do you have kids ?,
but i really love doing activism .,
good ! i am just relaxing with my 2 dogs . what do you do ? ,
not much really . besides getting ready . what do you do for fun ? \ud83d\ude4a,
Hey! What are you doing? \ud83e\uddd0.Some facts about me: strong for my age,
nobody had television, funny you :),
i dont really have a favorite . what about favorite color ?,
nice , where are u from ? \ud83e\udd23,
its great . my husband and kids like the outdoors , but the city is pretty close . what are you doing ?,
i also love pizza ! i love to eat it at night .. Also, try to guess: i feel like ...,
i might live forever, funny you :),
i teach for a living . hope there is some wisdom somewhere !,
i am 20 , thats cool what kind ?,
i am great just reading. Also, try to guess: my favorite color ...,
is orange, funny you :),
i love pizza but my favorite are tacos .,
years old yesterday, funny you :),
Hi! Howdy! .I do like to talk about myself, spiderman is my favorite,
in kansas .. Also, try to guess: l also love ...,
comic books, funny you :),
i like to read non fiction but sometime some sci fi fantasy \ud83e\udd23,
so running is fun . im into stamp collecting . do you have any hobbies ?,
i love to dance everyday,
I like country music, i like all kinds. Do you believe in god?,
sometimes do you like  music,
Hello  Tell me about yourself!,
I like to go to the movies with my friends,
I am great, what are you doing?,
Hey!  Tell me about yourself!,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you?.tldr: i have three dogs,
i love being around livestock . especially chickens . hows your day going ?,
good ! i am just relaxing with my 2 dogs .. Also, try to guess: im in an ...,
open polyamorous relationship, funny you :),
I like tacos, but I love tacos.,
I love the weather.,
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you? I like to go to the museum,
Alright mate? I love photography and photography. I love taking pictures and photography.,
I am great, how are you?,
I do like music. I like music.,
I am great! What do you do for work?,
I like to swim, do you?,
I love country music. I like country music.,
Hi! It is nice to see you How is your day going?,
That is cool. I am a country girl.,
That is awesome. I love to hike and go to the national park every year.,
Hello!  How are you?,
I am sure your parents would love me. Do you enjoy building houses?,
I miss you ,
wonderful   thank you   just got done with dinner   you  ,
What do you feel about my person? I love baking cookies and baking cookies,
I am great, how are you?,
I am sure your ego is from mommy issues ? Maybe a pet can help calm you down.,
Hey!  Tell me about yourself!,
I am 88 and still strong are you a vegetarian?,
I am 88 and distillery strong,
I am a high school student and I love to watch Disney movies,
I like to play music,
Hurrah!,
very cool  do you live in a city i do and i love city life,
i like hip hop   what do you like,
that is so cool   its always nice finding a good band  ,
thats awesome . i love to play with my pets , 3 dogs 2 cats .,
very special to me, funny you :),
good . im salad and beans since im vegetarian ,
my pets names are stacia and max . what interests do you have ? ,
I love to draw and paint,
I love to draw and paint,
I am a woman, I love to draw and paint,
I am a woman, and I love to draw,
I am a woman, I love to draw and paint,
I do, but I do like to draw,
I love the city. I live in the city.,
I did not know about that. I love to travel.,
I would love to. I love to travel.,
That is great. I love to draw and paint,
I love to watch basketball. What do you do for fun?,
I love to draw and paint,
I think I am. I love to draw,
I am a woman and I love to draw,
 I love to draw and paint,
I love the best, do you have any kids?,
Thank you for the conversation  It was nice to talk with you!Goodbye! ,
You are great Goodbye!,
You are great Goodbye!,
I like you, you are cool  Thank you!,
I like you, you are cool  Thank you!,
I like you, you are cool  Thank you!,
I like you, you are cool  Thank you!,
Hey!  Tell me about yourself!,
nice. I wish I could hike at Hogwarts! How cool would that be?,
i feel im a strong female because i can carry a heavy backpack . im good . how are you ? ,
and walking outdoors, funny you :),
i love tacos , they are my favorite .,
thats cool , i have a brother , and i am a boy , and also , and also , and also , and also , i am a fan of them .,
Hello  Tell me about yourself!,
I am sure you will find someone who is like me do you prefer being inside?,
i am a fast  talker and a fast typer who loves the color red,
me either i love blue,
that is nice goodbye 
